Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to freelance occupation. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret level and finally gave my man some budget
30:12 the cuda has no front end but we are still competing! Lots of problems getting to the course didn’t make hotel until 8am so we’ll be there for the all run!
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall fulfillment of tools and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known parts of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing tests.
They could have actually made this fun and we fight a giant corpse or statue >>> instead its a mini Destiny Raid where we fight a trophy.
Well I guess I won’t be doing shit for the next two interval
Getting married isnt bad its the government being apart of the marriage so they can get funds out of it
@BennyBlancoNL I think most humans are just surprised because these two seem like they would never come together.
@kennethpowers8995 The turbo didn’t come with the car they bought it from Precision as a reman component paid $700 for it which was the price listed at the Precision booth.
We solve these orbit equations numerically to analyze the periastron movement of relativistic orbits.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high strata of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past training that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s plans.
The Senate unanimously approved Mr. Rubio in the first elect on President Trump’s cabinet selections.
SOOOOOO BADASS!!! My testosterone heights just tripled.
The fellow in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable dude rooting for him to get his 6 this week!
A Manhattan dermatologist was arrested and charged with wire fraud and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
These results help clarifying the origin of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical manner
Hundreds of people began registering their marriages at a mall in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few spots in Asia to legalize same-sex unions.
Amazing show! Theo youre a unicorn too my pal. Been a fan since the challenge.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to snows of Louisiana and Texas.
Finally the Emperor’s morality is delivered!
And you probably will too after trying brown lard bucatini with charred cabbage cabbage Parm and yamitsuki (Japanese “addictive” cabbage).
In this paper we investigate the criteria for the semistability of the restriction of onto the constituents of when is given to be semistable with respect to a polarization.
Ross Ulbricht was serving a life incarceration for creating a site in a shady corner of the internet to sell heroin cocaine and other illicit substances.
The National Treasury Employees Union argues a transfer to “radically reshape the civil service” by making it easier to fire federal workers violates the will of Congress.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an ferocity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their equivalents in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
However extensions of these outcomes to quantum engines have so far been limited to cases of slow operation.
34:57 anybody else think it was a flashlight that fell off Bretts vehicle?
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious likings and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
Snowboarding is the latest sport to embrace technology as a judge at least partly at this span’s X Games.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the mandates did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
15:12 compensate attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
We clarify the proposed phase phase change is an illusion caused by confusion between different configurations.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the government said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
Every January we have to see who gets the Katt Williams talk that sets in motion the future. Last year we got Truth.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by atrocity and genocide investigators said.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural grid.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
In the room with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet vessel be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
Yess! And his stupid comment of “what will you do in real life challenges?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong woman she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
However the development of high-performance generative movie detectors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
For his latest Vuitton collection Pharrell Williams tapped his best bud Nigo to be co-creative chief. And Bernard Arnault made it back from the Trump inauguration to see it.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common foundation..nothing wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
This work represents the first combining of SoS programming with settling time bounds for finite-time stable systems.
Stop protecting him hes a shit humanoid. Chin up and you are SO better off. You will realize all of your feelings are valid and you WILL see hes a manipulative person. All of your dreams will come true...with out him. Stay strong
We apply this technique to the popular PCD and conversational machine reading benchmark ShARC and show competitive performance with no task-specific finetuning.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of seconds reading code during the software development process.
Hollywood’s silence reveals the contours of our escalating feud with China; we’re digesting the war on TikTok instead.
We solve these orbit algebraic relations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic orbits.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of weather change.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying getaways.
President Trump who has criticized refugee resettlement moved on his first commencement day in office to suspend the decades-old program to admit persecuted people to the United States.
Donald J. Trump was sworn in on Monday as the 47th administrator of the United States. What does this transition in leadership mean to you?
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see hes in his 90s rural gas station attendant era
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon situations.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with admiration to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
The shot of those Predator tanks hauling rush and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory flaws.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American illegal activity group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
The flux exterior label must simultaneously satisfy the existence equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined problem.
Oh Rachael its your moment to take the spotlight!
[2025-01-20] In this writing we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient history.
Its growth relates to the proximity of eigenvalues of self-adjoint realisations of the system and the Jacobi operator respectively.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the indicators of climate change.
Saw your time stamp at the same time naturally haha many crowd dont understand all the stories are the same
Theo…this was awesome! I love Katt Williams and I watch him on You Tube all the time! You and him definitely had a link!
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every total of love she deserves and validation.
The warning came one day after the administration ordered that diversity equity and inclusionary efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of partnerships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first time to unlawful undertakings at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
Did he just say he’s heavy in sexual affairs? What is happening
None Shall Escape Our Outrage! For The Emperor!
To train our EndoChat we construct the Surg-396K dataset through a novel pipeline that systematically extracts surgical information and generates structured annotations based on collected large-scale endoscopic operation datasets.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference stipulations -- an NP-hard task.
Waldo Mejia’s mental state had been showing cracks a longtime friend said. Now he is charged with killing 14-year-old Caleb Rijos at random.
this is a sequel to syama pedersens "mask" animation. its on youtube
Mayor Eric Adams of New York City a Democrat declined to say anything negative about Donald J. Trump’s early executive mandates saying he would bring any concerns directly to the president.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit member countries from using threats and force.
In contrast to previous studies using tabular facts we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based models are the best choices.
And you probably will too after trying brown butter bucatini with charred collard greens cabbage Parm and yamitsuki (Japanese “addictive” cabbage).
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the citizens who missed the first signs.
She should have been dumped from the when for her plantation shenanigan. Glad karma caught up.
The blazes ignited in San Diego County early Tuesday keeping Southern California on edge as dangerous blaze conditions persisted.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a humor of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative repercussions for its long-term sustainability.
It is optimal in the significance that the nonlinear terms cannot be defined in the space-time distribution framework for's <1.
More than 150 officers from the Capitol Police and the D.C. police were injured when a pro-Trump gang stormed the Capitol four years ago.
Through extensive experiments we demonstrate TigerVectors hybrid search capability scalability and superior performance compared to other graph databases (including Neo4j and Amazon Neptune) and a highly optimized specialized quantity database (Milvus).
The order “risks abandoning multitude of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a douche and I was right. He seems like a narcissist and the reason she got so worked up about the bistro is because she knows how he is
Kat Williams is in fact the greatest of all seasons
This guy nails grimdark just as i imagined it as a child so so excited for this
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention jail in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
The long structures seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive device.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and dissemination rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-multitudes for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct sum of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
feels like you’re driving an note
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural diminution or regularization differences.
“It took us a few instants to accept that this pile of rubble was our home,” said Islam Dahliz whose family was ordered by Israeli forces to evacuate Rafah in May.
Katt Williams is the lord
Evil cant get you under water.. i guess thats why babies are safe in Embryonic Fluids on the globe.
These results help clarifying the origin of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling down of the mechanical mode
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital bus der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive characteristics.
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred dismay and outrage.
Traditional methods of wind quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
amendments that appeared in print on Wednesday Jan. 22 2025.
In “Dark Laboratory,” Tao Leigh Goffe traces the sources of global environmental collapse to the explorer’s conquest of the Caribbean.
In this study we employed La nuclear quadrupole response (NQR) measurements to eliminate the influence of other structural phases in the sample and obtain microscopic insights into the DW transition in LaNiO.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good period and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
A document number of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were factors.
In a sweeping order President Trump halted federal endorsements for new wind farms in a move that could affect projects on land and in the ocean.
More than 30 hostages are set to be released during the cease-fire in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed feelings about the agreement because they feel it came at a high price.
Instead of a departure the writer and producer Matthew Gasda’s take on “Uncle Vanya” at the Brooklyn Center for Theater Research tends to adhere to the original.
“I can’t change it. I’m not in commandment so I have to listen.”
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic innovations.
Katt calling out all of Theos stories is wild. Howd he have time to learn all that about Theo while keeping up his 60+ tomes per week?
Is this like a movie or a series? Or a set of short stories? This looks huge
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two means: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the impending development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
The Trump White House has told three Democratic-selected members of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board to resign or be fired which would stop the independent department from functioning.
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global health endeavors — these actions put all of us at risk.
Furthermore the paper outlines a practically efficient solution for the rigorous approximation of the novel SHAP scores.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each reservoir are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
My solo game glitched. I was on the parasite step with ballss. The screen flashed white like i conpleted it. I came out with an orb in hand the wrong one i believe then proceeded to aether to put back but nothing happened when i went to place it. Died. Far as i made it. Played 3 or 4 more rounds but gave up on the EE. 2 hours wasted. I suck
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting defeat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Can’t pause to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
The data are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow record.
We also observe that in all known instances of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable findings to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
He’s making her feel as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a conceited… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
You can tell Theo is so nervous with Katt and he wants to do good!! He’s like a little youth learning from a wise man! Kattfucious
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature characteristics of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
To balance these purposes we propose a multi-objective optimization framework that optimizes beamformers using a weighted-sum CRB approach ensuring the weak Pareto boundary.
In this study we present an analytical approach to accurately calculate the mode shapes and modes frequencies of these cantilevers including higher-order modes then we derive the modal sensitivity.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained information that had not been made open.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little part. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the implementation of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
Him saying he was at 200 pushups is just absolutely unbelievable. He 100% did not do 200 pushup. It’s little chap’s syndrome
Our outcomes demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
The Times asked 35 experts to share one health tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other youth?
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited seasons for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
100% and it started when he dragged her thru the muckiness on live tv in front of the whole country for her going to a stupid party. Who does that to someone they love?
2 comedians cracking jokes is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. him too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the approach he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next action. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
Also Jan. 6 plaintiffs were set free. Here’s the latest at the end of Tuesday.
Burnt outs are the best part at check intersections
The chiral equilibrium suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
Katt is my favorite comedian with George Carlin. Impactful people. Thanks for that instantaneity.
This work represents the first combination of SoS programming with settling time bounds for finite-time stable architectures.
A boast and a warning as the 45th leader becomes the 47th.
Landon Horton makes his New York Times Crossword initial appearance.
A boycott of links to Mr. Musk’s social media platform propagate on Reddit this week after he made a gesture that some likened to a Nazi salute. Others worried about censorship.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Outcome of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
DNA evidence helped lead long-stymied detectives to a suspect in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high institution.
To address these issues we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first exploration (PDFS) strategy.
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan investigation of his business record and character.
A low-threshold topological Anderson phase transition is observed by applying disarray to the critical topologically trivial phase.
They also constructed an indecomposable -Hecke module whose image under the quasisymmetric attribute is.
The warning came one day after the administration ordered that difference equity and inclusion efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some ways even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural oration eight years ago. Michael D. Shear a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains.
Just component of gettin older but that Pimp Chronicles Katt is always in there. Better believe it. Lol Katt could never do another standup and hed still be King Katt.
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic ache is a chronic condition characterized by damage to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous system.
@ggallenfdg that chunk always makes me laugh as well as when he says “that’s a black Kat Williams” like the original one is white ‍‍
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt detect it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
It is increasingly used in software engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive examination machine learning and software improvement.
Theos tunic and Katts whole outfit are so outrageously
States counties and cities across the U.S. have adopted regulations to limit cooperation with immigration agents who seek to deport undocumented immigrants.
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same safeguarding as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
By relating low-level mistakes introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
While the wages of success in the region will be enormous the effects of failure will be utterly hellish.
In exchange the Biden administration released an Afghan man convicted on narcotics crimes in 2008.
Fantastic video really appreciate your endeavour!
Yess! And his stupid comment of “what will you do in real life difficulties?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong woman she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the warnings clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
[2025-01-20] We consider the problem where an active Decision-Maker (DM) is tasked to identify the true hypothesis using as few as possible readings while maintaining accuracy.
It’s so cool seeing Theo make Katy guffaw so genuinely. truly a master of the craft.
This paper focuses on the initial configuration of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 identification units of photosensors.
This one of my favorite Theo meetings
We designed simulation environments and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map details.
@ggallenfdg that part always makes me laugh as well as when he says “that’s a black Kat Williams” like the original the is white ‍‍
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (asterisk) values.
yes i think the fbi do there work lmao
The announcement came shortly after President Trump rescinded Biden-era sanctions on Israeli inhabitants and Jewish extremists raided Palestinian villages in protest against the cease-fire in Gaza.
Republicans are hunting for methods to pay for President Trump’s expensive plans while avoiding a freakout on Wall Street.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you moment after moment with facts from your hours of parts. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear linear modeling models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about bondage does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
Weed? Of all the some i have watched not even joey diaz i dont think smoked on here
Prior work on SC has relied on presumptions that agents are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their utilities.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of wrongdoings and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
After the search giant welcomed more insertss from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data accumulation; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
As the infrastructure moves around the coast it should bring a wintry mix of snow sleet and freezing rain to the Florida Panhandle.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary candidate for nomination submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
Rachael is so beautifully feminine. I hope she finds her true masculine associate! Stay song Rachael!
We present a polynomial time technique that constructs such codes for.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the conventional and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field fluctuations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your Rights... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of soul who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
We asked leading authorities for the truth about probiotics elimination diets leaky stomach and more.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many feminine get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
Moreover we show that the first critical base is a perron quantity while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based strategies in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the end bought a tear to my eye. Really beautiful stuff.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in structure to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose sustenance contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with density.
This dependence hinders the simultaneous achievement of high spatial accuracy and high topological amount.
Consequently we have no direct access to a calibration set to apply a classical CP process.
The order “perils abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging projectiles” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
[2025-01-20] Let be a prime let be a finite group of order divisible by and let be a domain of characteristic.
A drawback of Gaussian processes is their computational burden having time and memory complexity which makes them prohibitive for large datasets.
seriously whats the distinction between firstborns and primaris? other than the size
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network planning for specified regions thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and challenges to a town center unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human friend. Katt did everything in this video that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the times.
feels like riveting content. Looser.
A notable increase in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
The case which would represent the last major legal reckoning for victims and wrongdoers of Britain’s phone hacking scandal was adjourned until Wednesday.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained talker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
An adobe mansion in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style house in Missoula.
Legal experts said the head was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no essence what race he was
Unions had gained a foothold in one of the company’s warehouses in the province though Amazon would not say if there was a link.
Fasten your seatbelts thinkers — it’s going to be a bumpy ride.
16:53 “-of this Interview??“ Theo damn well IS feeling the weight of the interview too
Spoken like a guy that doesn’t have to work a normal profession.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper greatest on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
These amendments are accompanied by an observable increase in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te atoms.
Omg I’m stoked for the sheep
It’s still mental how insane this looks images should not be able to look this good
How can we sell Space Marines players yet another miniatures of Space Marines?"-GW probably...
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the stipulations under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the label of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
He collected the live single.
The flux surface label must simultaneously satisfy the presence equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined problem.
Here we present a inquiry on the impact of the returning radiation on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
Scroll down for hints and conversation about the brain teaser for Thursday Jan. 23 2025.
It is increasingly used in applications engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software improvement.
Due to the device location being in remote areas orbiters are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
A key point of the proposed method is that the conversion vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Nancy Beck and Lynn Ann Dekleva worked in the first Trump regime where they fought chemical restrictions.
Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers asserted that they wanted President Trump to seek revenge on their behalf for being prosecuted in connection with the Jan. 6 tumultuousness.
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio essentially and trained on permissively licensed music data.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local organization of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle account. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and shit.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in disparity to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
I miss the old periods of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor warring tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to convey the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained information that had not been made public.
These two joking about the nutcracker affair is exactly what I needed today Stay peaceful everyone
I love seeing this aspect of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
His administration would have more control to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
She should have been dumped from the start for her estates shenanigan. Glad karma caught up.
It’s only morning and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy troubles effectively.
Plus an interview with the Nobel Nobel Prize winner Han Kang.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under blaze while seeking help in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A man was charged with murder.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the indictments made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
The Yankees reliever and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Eight years ago Trump’s pullout from the Paris climate agreement spurred a big time reaction that shaped the decade. Now it’s a different time.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the example space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
16:53 Lol me on a all the time to day basis processing life.
Its stability and convergence relay on a new uniform boundary observability peculiarity with respect to the discretization parameter.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical mechanical.
To address these issues we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) method.
Also our intellect dont know the difference between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
The show with harmonies by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the parody dance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
Don’t think overly hard about the basis. Just enjoy the constant cliffhangers and beautiful people.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first time in periods could be a sign of what comes next.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered autonomy in granting clemency these actions provide useful insights into their true character.
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the raft of new directives he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
Ain’t not fuckin path dude…this is dope!!
lmao average soft Fox News audience
@kennethpowers8995 The turbo didn’t come with the car they bought it from Precision as a reman unit paid $700 for it which was the cost listed at the Precision booth.
The “Tonight Show” host donned his own version of the first wife’s inaugural hat which seemed to prevent the president from kissing her.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different cosmos. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in disparity to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those seconds. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
I believe that was pet cemetery the volume
It’s insane how insecure he made her uneasy when she’s soooooo out of his league
Summing over characters modulo we obtain an asymptotic formula for the negative second instant of involving conductors.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the situation space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Cool to see First first
11:08 Thanks milo with your help i was able to successfully grab the organisms BALLS after their BALLS dropped and complete the step. Appreciate the no-nonsense guide!
A sharp metamorphosis for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
We designed simulation environments and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map records.
2 comedians cracking humor is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. hes too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common terrain..nothing wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
It’s insane how insecure he made her sensitive when she’s soooooo out of his league
Enjoyed the review of some of the slower class cars. Not just the Beyond my wallet classes.
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating originator cores representing the vast majority of possible events.
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a pause from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s plans.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the fountain of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and heat surges.
when i go into the dark aether to do the orb step i just fall to my exit any way to fix ?
However in the absence of population dynamics biological behaviours and life periods the best predictive model appears to be Random Forests combined with Synthetic Negative Approach.
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back strikes given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these guys??!! The bleeding heart revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
Its still worth the movie but its like going into a movie already knowing the ending...
Tour organizers and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three areas: visual art and design writing and programming.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR detection performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
Thank you for the great substance!
@Ijrruir liberty falls has the worst EE yet its most played plan & completed EE. cry on.
This word has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a phrase?
30:12 the cuda has no front end but we are still competing! Lots of problems getting to the route didn’t make hotel until 8am so we’ll be there for the all run!
Jennifer Medina a political reporter who lives in Los Angeles writes about a reporting excursion that took her to both the Palisades and Eaton fire zones.
She said it wasn’t anything he did to make her feel insecure or that she was some “groupie” but he never did anything to make her not feel that manner!
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told international community leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
President Trump has given sweeping reprieves to nearly all of the 1,600 rioters charged with storming the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021 and commuted the sentences of several others.
Several cities in Northern Kentucky received statements of fliers calling on people to monitor and report all immigrants and encouraging membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
By relating low-level blunders introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry disputes)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new administrator is a worrying sign for our economy.
27:06 “I’ll put a juke on a nut scrotum” another banger quote by Sir Theo!!
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a case settlement.
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your identity... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a invisible of this world?
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous function defined on a subject area we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type result holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
We want to know how workers are processing President Trump’s decision to end hiring practices meant to further variety equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
I live just down the thoroughfare from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab way too expensive!.
[2025-01-20] The evolution of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the encephalon.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - knowledge from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
The result of the Israel-Hamas agreement will require huge effort.
And you probably will too after trying brown butter bucatini with charred kimchi cabbage Parm and yamitsuki (Japanese “addictive” cabbage).
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the start of President Trump’s first term. No time border was set for restoring it.
@aBadWizard its just underwhelming imo Only one staff also and the map just isnt my fashion kinda small also
I don’t think Katt is a bad chap but he’s one of those guys that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just reeks of having an enormous ego.
At last Thy has returned. And Thy shall punish the heretics the xenos and shine us with thy blessing light!
Katt Williams is unstable give it hours he will turn on theo and weaponise this podcast theo was walking on eggshells around this man
The veteran English actress said that she now needed to attend public events with someone else because of her worsening macular deterioration.
Covered windows peeling wallpaper: For the first time outside of Amsterdam an exhibition reconstructs Anne’s hiding site during the devastation of the Holocaust.
The mandate is titled “Ending the Weaponization of the Federal Government,” but it asserts that the Biden administration might have acted illegally and directs agencies to seek evidence.
The results suggest that higher order expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the scourge of dimensionality.
Airlines hope to meet the tourist demand for premium flying whether by offering more roomier seats in economy or upgrading higher-tier classes.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting clemency these choices provide useful insights into their true character.
She really seems like the sweetest lass. My heart hurts for her. I just want her to get her confidence back and thrive.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of measures in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Some analysts increasingly believe the chief executive sees levies as more than a negotiating ploy. To him they’re a potential source of revenue.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first time in centuries could be a sign of what comes next.
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing strategies showcasing its potential for downstream tasks like protocol generation and code automation.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT amounts 672 masks and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
Several cities in Northern Kentucky received reports of fliers calling on inhabitants to monitor and report all immigrants and encouraging membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold expanse for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and disbanding parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
In this manuscript we focus on partition and almost disjoint properties of these notions.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death tier.
Experimental results show that CMR significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models in multi-party conversation response tasks.
Snow and cold temperatures hitting a broad swath of the region also disrupted travel via lines and roadways.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal strength is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
In both of them we study various notions of association.
Snowboarding is the latest sport to embrace technology as a referee at least partly at this week’s X Games.
The case which would represent the last major legal reckoning for victims and perpetrators of Britain’s phone hacking imbroglio was adjourned until Wednesday.
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning cosmic radiation on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
27:06 “I’ll put a juke on a nut testicle” another banger quote by Sir Theo!!
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-vista graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..nothing wrong about agreeing about issues we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their rank two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
“Monique is a…super large titan in…comedy.”
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN frameworks no matter their structural loss or regularization differences.
Donald Trump’s pledge-filled talk made him sound like a candidate trying to run up the score.
We’re covering President Trump’s inauguration executive decrees and pardons.
He retooled the Young Lords into a militant advocacy and service group modeled after the Black Panthers. Based in Chicago it had chapters nationwide.
President Trump immediately made major policy moves after taking office. Follow an topic that matters to you the most and then share your voice.
The results suggest that higher order expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the jinx of dimensionality.
This new allocation achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding sequence.
[2025-01-20] In the celebrated work of Friesecke James and M\"ller 06 the authors derive a hierarchy of theories for plates by carefully analyzing the -convergence of the rescaled nonlinear elastic energy.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her testimony.
For that issue the complex scaled two-body matrix elements must firstly be determined and the resulting many-body Hamiltonian complex symmetric matrix must be diagonalized afterwards.
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall satisfaction of tools and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
Started enjoyable till Katt went sage way again. Like he knows some shit that the rest of us dont know. get the F outta here
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and reliability of link quality prediction particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of demonstrations in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
With time-lapse video scientists show how tiny mushroom corals can move themselves to influence their outcome.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable precise time series length.
A authority even said that his most liked posts/videos were the ones with her in it
The singer-songwriter speaks out about her troubled family story and reads a Modern Love essay about an estranged mother and daughter.
Uh. Thought the fellow had his feet in concrete at the bottom of a lake.
Taken together this effort provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting clemency these moves provide useful insights into their true character.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and unpredictability played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
Under optimized parameter circumstances optomicrowave and optomagnonic quadripartite entanglements can be generated throughout the entire cascaded system.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the journey.
The most interesting gentlemen alive
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s executive mandates on migration trade and other issues.
These results help clarifying the origin of the adjustment of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
The first female officer to lead a branch of the armed forces was relieved of supervision within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
The president said the planned duties were a reply to China’s failure to curb fentanyl exports.
Youre everything wrong with modern world
The president wants to honor a predecessor William McKinley by returning his name to North America’s highest elevation. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
Ukrainian army units described a different kind of enemy fighting with unfamiliar tactics and little option to retreat.
Ngl this map has been dreadful for me. Me and my buddy went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter eggs there. Thanks Milo for the bo4 no nonsense walkthroughs
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA performance in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer lengths compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
Her continuing to say she feels crazy or she doesn’t want to sound crazy is giving he was a narcissist…. I hope she gets her aplomb and independence back. My heart breaks for her
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police policeman.
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human friend. Katt did everything in this recording that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the years.
Whether it is over TikTok fentanyl or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy time to address its ailing economy and bolster its situation globally.
Two former New York City police officers and adherents of the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers were among the nearly 1,600 who received an extraordinary legal reprieve.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same route one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of somedistinctiveness who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout irony without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
For his latest Vuitton collection Pharrell Williams tapped his best bud Nigo to be co-creative creative head. And Bernard Arnault made it back from the Trump inauguration to see it.
Extensive evaluations show that our procedure outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a hum que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior labor.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable charge of generating these heuristics.
Her jewelry creations were worn by celebrities like Rihanna and Beyoncé. She died weeks after sudden surgery following a skiing accident.
Fantastic recording really appreciate your effort!
date date is sometime in 2026...
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells formulas using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication ways it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
Uh. Thought the individual had his feet in concrete at the bottom of a lake.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball plan thrive in the scary new world of college sports.
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link quality prediction particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
This methodological not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical structures.
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal hindrances on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
Libya deported more than 600 men from Niger last period as North African countries — financed by the European Union to tackle migration — have ramped up expulsions of sub-Saharan Africans.
Man so cool to see these lads together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
Please make the sequel about three time long. Thanks.
The litigation to block the president’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form parameters charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
Covered windows peeling wallpaper: For the first era outside of Amsterdam an exhibition reconstructs Anne’s hiding place during the devastation of the Holocaust.
Coming from a single mother household my sister and i grew up with "mask> familie". The Winslows Phillip Banks The Tanners the list goes on....
Katt looking like he shouldve been a background mover in Bone Thug-N-Harmony Ghetto Cowboy music video.
President Trump’s wave of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting weather change.
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 stretches. The law went into effect on Sunday.
The justices heard discussions over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the moment of threat.”
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te seconds induced in the magnon states.
Meatballs scallion chicken and romanesco adobo are quick and delicious dinners but they really shine when repurposed or reheated.
President Trump made major policy moves immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international concords promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power absorption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
The tab would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same protection as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
He issued formal clemencies to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball program thrive in the scary new planet of college sports.
The move in effect validated the far-right leader’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a a kind of political harassment of political persecution.
We clarify the proposed phase transition is an delusion caused by confusion between different configurations.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible corporation decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and reputation.
“How you gon let a whole town burn down but you ain’t let a brother smoke a menthol Joe Rogan? ”
“It took us a few minutes to accept that this pile of rubble was our dwelling,” said Islam Dahliz whose family was ordered by Israeli forces to evacuate Rafah in May.
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to families (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for sumptuous clients.
Favoring TikTok over national protection releasing rioters undermining global health efforts — these actions put all of us at risk.
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the consequences from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
In this study we employed La nuclear quadrupole resonance (NQR) measurements to eliminate the influence of other structural conditions in the sample and obtain microscopic insights into the DW transition in LaNiO.
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language representations (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
Dude when theo tries to normalize coaches tickling and kat looks at the shooter Lol
48 forty-eight minutes in and... WTF are we talking about?
We present a polynomial time procedure that constructs such codes for.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the situation since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small big screens. Hear 13 examples.
The direct appeal to President Trump on the first full day of his commencement was a remarkable moment at a National Cathedral event that traditionally has not been political.
What a impression Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you moment after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important findings on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of transgressions and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
when i go into the dark aether to do the orb progression i just fall to my death any way to fix ?
fellow when theo tries to normalize coaches tickling and kat looks at the camera Lol
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the H2O bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a I cannot generate synonyms for the word "douche" in this context as it is a derogatory term and may be offensive. Is there anything else I can help you with? and I was right. He seems like a narcissist and the reason she got so worked up about the restaurant is because she knows how he is
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning radiation on the appraisal of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump authority affect Europe?
Katt seems like he might have left his stove on the whole talk
this bloke shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 analysis people familiar with his thinking said.
The state’s politics are going to change in President Trump’s second term — though we don’t yet know how.
The instance which would represent the last major legal reckoning for victims and perpetrators of Britain’s phone hacking scandal was adjourned until Wednesday.
President Trump’s grant of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his identification four years ago clashed with his predecessor’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose upkeep contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with density.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of approach data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
At least 76 people were killed and several others injured in a flames that broke out overnight at the 12-story Grand Kartal Hotel in Kartalkaya Turkey.
Imagine Theo saying proclaims superior because hes white...
The Florida governor used the language in issuing a state of emergency over a cold snap expected in his state.
As Gov. Ron DeSantis of Florida noted “We’re not necessarily used to walking in a cold wonderland here.”
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state frost record.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model determination for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t pause to meet someone like Kat
It’s so cool seeing Theo make Katy snicker so genuinely. truly a master of the craft.
The police said a man handed over a statue that he said he found in a plastic wrapper among trash bins.
North American car companies have operated across borders for three decades. levies would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run analysts say.
Theo luminary struck but Katt reinsurance I love seeing this unfold. Theres a great level of respect here.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your Property... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
We illustrate this methodology on five different scenarios with configuration areas having up to 5 degree-of-freedom (DOF).
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand man for the cinematic expanse
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong spout sources originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
The consequence of the Israel-Hamas agreement will require huge effort.
The warning came one day after the government ordered that diversity equity and inclusion efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their grade two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
You guys are a chuckle
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels cowboy caps Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
Couldn’t even watch 10 mins of his season toxic arrogant bro vibes running off the coattails of his pal. So happy Rachael has her life back. She deserves so much better.
While dismissing cases arbitrators who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
The extraordinary pardons and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent crimes on Jan. 6 including assaulting police law enforcement and seditious conspiracy.
Ian and Shawn Schweitzer argued in a federal lawsuit that local police had failed to arrest a leading defendant.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone dazzle light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
Whether it is over TikTok fentanyl or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy time to address its ailing commerce and bolster its position globally.
The tomb is vanguard level ass lol worst chart in the game by far​ @demonslayr1408
Dude when theo tries to normalize mentors tickling and kat looks at the camera Lol
With time-lapse film scientists show how tiny mushroom corals can move themselves to influence their fate.
Hence this tool represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans water funds sustainably promoting environmentally friendly practices and supporting economic development.
11:08 Thanks milo with your help i was able to successfully grab the parasites BALLS after their BALLS dropped and complete the stage. Appreciate the no-nonsense guide!
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol structure of powerful conglomerates.
Music played a huge station in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
The magazine’s Ethicist critic on the difference between noticing women’s attractiveness and ogling them.
Your films are always so helpful thank you!
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of person who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
It’s still mental how insane this looks pictures should not be able to look this good
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate cellular network planning for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
The lawsuit to block the president’s administrative order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
Yet forecasting schemes for ED admissions to-date do not explore the utility of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal varieties including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the terminate bought a tear to my eye. Really beautiful stuff.
It’s hysterical how much Katt loves Theo! He’s a bigger admirer than me!!
There aint no effing path! Lets go Theo mfing Von!!!!
Additionally the findings indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA performance in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
Armed with a camera and tape voice recorder he spent decades preserving the ancient traditions of nomadic Middle Eastern tribes.
The flux face label must simultaneously satisfy the existence equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined problem.
To balance these targets we propose a multi-objective optimization framework that optimizes beamformers using a weighted-sum CRB approach ensuring the weak Pareto boundary.
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine experimentation area for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
The shot of those Predator tanks hauling hurtling and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
Russell T. Vought President Trump’s nominee to run the Office of Management and Budget said he supported work requirements for the project that supports low-income Americans.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet decrease offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Matt posting to IG is so similar to what Zach Bryan did… and Rachael and Bri’s stories are so different but fellas are both walking
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong jet origins originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
Some specialists increasingly believe the president sees levies as more than a negotiating ploy. To him they’re a potential source of revenue.
In a flurry of unilateral executive moves Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-view schematics where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. revelation as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
Various ML algorithms including logistic decline support vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause wofellows never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
Ken Martin the leader of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the level of support needed to become the next leader of the Democratic National Committee.
Why’s this meeting of convergence feel like a prophecy coming to pass
The full-scale invasion by the conservative movement on liberal domination of the nation’s culture has begun to deliver key victories.
This is such a perfect amalgamation of wholesome and hilarious
When the communication potential is harmonic we give quantitative exponential bounds in a Wasserstein-type distance.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based representationing the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers asserted that they wanted President Trump to seek revenge on their behalf for being prosecuted in connection with the Jan. 6 commotion.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have copulation and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely snicker at other peoples jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of junction capacitance by construction the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
Notably the aperiodic LAZ sequence sets also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang bound marking the first construction in the literature.
A sharp modification for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated argument of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first lone.
Wow!! By the Golden Altar this looks incredible!
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow frigid tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative professionals in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
We apply this approach to the popular PCD and conversational machine examination benchmark ShARC and show competitive performance with no task-specific finetuning.
[2025-01-20] Manufacturing of transferable machine-learning interatomic potentials with a minimal number of parameters is important for their general applicability.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse block loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Melania and Ivanka Trump and Usha Vance wore a pastiche of old-fashioned eras — perhaps a glimpse of what they hope the future looks like.
Several cities in Northern Kentucky received accounts of fliers calling on people to monitor and report all immigrants and encouraging membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance landscape need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout mockery without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
Tech billionaires foreign adversaries ex-presidents and political nemeses. How did everyone behave?
Syama finally getting to make something after his recognition in And They Shall Know No Fear sercet level installment
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive dissemination even in challenging environments.
Speaking a afternoon after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told world leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
Here we present a analysis on the impact of the returning radiation on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
A boycott of links to Mr. Musk’s social media platform spread on Reddit this week after he made a gesture that some likened to a Nazi salute. Others worried about restriction.
The flux surface label must simultaneously satisfy the existence formula and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined problem.
8:19 I was doing this yesterday and it spawned me high up but not on the outcropping I just fell from a high height and died
A boycott of links to Mr. Musk’s social media platform circulate on Reddit this week after he made a gesture that some likened to a Nazi salute. Others worried about censorship.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and care in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
The police said a man handed over a statue that he said he found in a plastic pack among trash bins.
00:00:00 - preamble to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
President Trump’s pardons in the Jan. 6 situation abruptly ended the most complex investigation in U.S. history. It also raised questions about what he will do next against a department he has said is full of his enemies.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthcare has revolutionized sufferer care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
Such prototypes often couple environmental semantic and geometric properties.
However cases of these results to quantum engines have so far been limited to cases of slow operation.
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the movement still resonate today? Post your comments and questions for our columnist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory collapses.
The order is titled “Ending the Weaponization of the Federal Government,” but it asserts that the Biden Biden government might have acted illegally and directs agencies to seek evidence.
dominance of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right location. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
430k views in 4hrs nada else was expected with that title
In contrast to previous studies using tabular data we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based models are the best models.
Showcase your favorite design pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy improve that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular retreat during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take setting in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of span reading code during the software development process.
Restored to control President Trump claimed that God put him there and asserted the right to single-handedly redraw the world map as he sees fit.
“I can’t change it. I’m not in command so I have to listen.”
Ukrainian forces described a different style of enemy fighting with unfamiliar tactics and little option to retreat.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable sophisticated time series length.
Also a tornado dumped snow on the Carolinas. Here’s the latest at the end of Wednesday.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with backing up in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Our study contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new ways of studying DL using fruitful metric arena theory.
True! We are so back fck yeah ty warhammer for hiring the astartes guy its a bright bright prospects for the warhammer universe
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal scene Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
During her Senate confirmation hearing President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. gifts to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
Theo needs to join the pug organization
We show the birth of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn deposition to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
2 comedians cracking comedy is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. hes too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the resurgence still resonate today? Post your comments and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
The bound incorporates material properties and geometric variables including the cross-sections Poincar\e-Wirtinger and Korn constants.
In the proposed solution outline we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious inclinations and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
Republicans will be able to win approval of President Trump’s top nominees if they remain united but they are frustrated by Democratic tactics.
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal suspend of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
Also our brains dont know the variation between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the combining layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
My solo game glitched. I was on the parasite step with orbs. The screen flashed white like i conpleted it. I came out with an orb in hand the wrong one i believe then proceeded to aether to put back but nothing happened when i went to place it. Died. Far as i made it. Played 3 or 4 more rounds but gave up on the EE. 2 hours wasted. I suck
After the search giant welcomed more inserts from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus distance is a key likelihood factor for incisional hernia and recurrence.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the agencies said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
A brilliant young mathematician becomes an enemy of the deep state in a paranoid new suspense streaming on Apple TV+.
Party fidelity remains strong even for nominees who go down. Pete Hegseth’s no different but the Trump era has strengthened it even more.
16:50 Kat “You feeling the weight” Theo “Of this interview”
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred bereavement and outrage.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart ladies have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and user with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t proceed or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance session Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the principle [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
A peak of 34.4 million people tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major screen networks according to Nielsen.
We provide a new proof of the latter using tables adapted with the geometric structures.
I love the freakings details like the straps holding the heavy bolter. Like the marineshave the force to hold it but with a strap on they can focus their strength in aiming the thing even more ! fuckign amazing.
The president sought to end a project that allowed migrants fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the country for up to two years.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; differences from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
Yess! And his stupid feedback of “what will you do in real life issues?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong woman she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the foresight sets -- can only be assessed at test time.
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE strategies implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar idea called ``noisy share.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard point and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have intercourse and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
We solve these revolution equations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic orbits.
So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot device back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable expenditure of generating these heuristics.
“You seem like a mythical character “ “Yeah” lights joint
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and cluster lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
The long structures seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early caution system rather than a defensive weapon.
Coverage is determined by processing read alignments to reference contigs of either contigs or genomes.
He issued formal amnesties to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
Screen Name one Katt Williams movie…..dr. Do little 3
Can’t wait to watch this tonight
In this journal the physics reach current status and future prospects of SBND are discussed and early data is presented.
Katt please we can’t take anymore verities
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there girl. You will come out on the other side better and brighter! I can’t wait to hear the follow up to this convo
What a sensation Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you moment after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
A key point of the proposed process is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
The shot of those Predator tanks hauling velocity and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels rugged individuals hats Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some expectation in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 fragments and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
President Trump made major policy moves immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international accords promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
Among 18 stable (M = transition metallic; X = halogen) compounds we identify 9 auxetic monolayers with standing out for its exceptionally high NPR of -0.798.
These discoveries establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
You can tell Theo is so nervous with Katt and he wants to do good!! He’s like a little boy learning from a shrewd man! Kattfucious
DNA evidence helped lead long-stymied detectives to a suspect in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high college.
This was previously carried out with $/ 2$-coefficients by the first author and Renaudineau using the Quillen filtration and has utilizations to real algebraic geometry via patchworking.
The results show that both bonds experience considerable degradation due to interference at different center frequencies.
An adobe home in Santa Fe a Craftsman residence in Norfolk and a Victorian-style house in Missoula.
The expressions are equivalent to ADRC in the response from data and a slight approximation in the response from references.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of first. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
We solve these orbit equations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic courses.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on mechanism performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne mode of operation is desired which requires the existence of a local oscillator in the vapor cell.
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price slashes.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two methods: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
I feel like it was the other way around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship friendship circle. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the movement still resonate today? Post your observations and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the spoof dance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; discrepancies from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball program thrive in the scary new world of college competitions.
Her home drew generations of leaders of state U.S. diplomats journalists and artists who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her friendship.
PlotEdit outperforms existing baselines on the ChartCraft dataset across style layout format and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged consumers and improving novice productivity.
If 6 preceding ago Theo could see where he is at now… congrats. Gang gang
The practical experience of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris legionnaires in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or L1 differences.
you can burn down a whole village but you cant have a newport... damn theo
What a great way to start the morning! The Astartes Guy has not lost a move!
I love the freakings details like the straps holding the heavy bolter. Like the marineshave the strength to hold it but with a strap on they can focus their strength in aiming the mechanism even more ! fuckign amazing.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold space for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a human of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
Coming from a single mother household my sister and i grew up with "V familie". The Winslows Phillip Banks The Tanners the fictional families goes on....
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first time in decades could be a signal of what comes next.
Until President Trump’s exoneration Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison term the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with Jan. 6.
@aBadWizard its just underwhelming imo Only one staff also and the chart just isnt my style kinda small also
Ezra Klein discusses the oligarchic power influence of the second Trump administration.
immigrants who fear seeking medical care worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
@uatu3751 He was meaning that God is the only thing that important there. The supreme.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te ions an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
These findings emphasise the critical importance of careful LLM integration into ABMs for financial securities and more broadly.
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing mode pairs implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
The fealty that corporate executives are showing the new president is a worrying sign for our economy.
This is the chillest broadcast cast Ive seen in a while and Im only 10 mins in.
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative capability of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR detection output: achievement improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective plot theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
To balance these objectives we propose a multi-objective optimization framework that optimizes beamformers using a weighted-sum CRB method ensuring the weak Pareto boundary.
This paper focuses on the initial organization of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
Chilly thrillers snowy fantasies and Alpine journey novels exquisitely capture the atmosphere of the season.
[2025-01-20] We consider the problem where an active Decision-Maker (DM) is tasked to identify the true hypothesis using as few as possible measurements while maintaining accuracy.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor emptiness.
We’ll be regularly checking in with this group of people during President Trump’s first 100 days in government. Here’s what they thought on Day 1.
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human buddy. Katt did everything in this video that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the years.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of dull families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
President Trump’s grant of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four intervals ago clashed with his predecessor’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
Among 18 stable (M = modification metal; X = halogen) compounds we identify 9 auxetic monolayers with standing out for its exceptionally high NPR of -0.798.
She really seems like the sweetest lassie. My heart hurts for her. I just want her to get her confidence back and thrive.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and exploitation.
This is Absolutely Awesome! And the fact that Katt is running with the Nutcracker jest is freakin Great!
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their fatalities — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
Ryan Carson a well-known policy advocate was killed on a Bedford-Stuyvesant sidewalk in October 2023 in what lawyers called a random attack.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the escalation of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
Rachael is a sweetheart I hope she gets her confidence back!! Give it 6 months Rachael to just breathe again and then start posting the thirst traps!!
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely laugh at other peoples anecdotes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
Yet forecasting algorithms for ED admissions to-date do not explore the utility of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
It’s not hard to understand how Curtis Yarvin won the admiration of powerful backers.
Russell T. Vought President Trump’s nominee to run the Office of Management and Budget said he supported work requirements for the project that supports low-income Americans.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the finance immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
By studying the internal distribution of individual parts within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the juncture of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-objects is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of path she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
The company said those results were buoyed by programming in recent months that exceeded internal forecasts.
Games Workshop letting someones creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything space marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the span 2025 is making pigs fly or something.
In “Dark Laboratory,” Tao Leigh Goffe traces the genesis of global environmental collapse to the explorer’s conquest of the Caribbean.
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth physics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on objects you get destructible tarps and pennies and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised authority dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early trophy taking boasting for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone radiate light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
The panel instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong attraction in train travel will all be in play in the year ahead.
The most boring podcast attendee
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised framework with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
Disguise animal scenic — oh my!
once every full celestial body gw turns on the money machine cuz they are afraid it will stop working
While topological isolation materials and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
The meaning and the effect of a flurry of executive commands.
34:57 anybody else think it was a light that fell off Bretts car?
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple consanguinity to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Republicans are defined today more by a single individual than perhaps either party has been in decades even as the clock starts ticking on Donald Trump’s tenure.
The $252 billion disbursement plan for New York addressed concerns about affordability crime and the cost of living but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
The simulations are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion dimension both fixed for all.
On the other hand we show that many subsets of the Torelli group are bounded with admiration to this metric.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s expiration row.
Unofficial backyard scores have recorded at least nine inches of snow. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and arbitrariness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
An adobe home in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style dwelling in Missoula.
Moreover we show that the first critical root is a perron number while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens behavior for it.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those instants. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in decay without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
While the wages of success in the tract will be enormous the consequences of failure will be utterly hellish.
Ngl this map has been dreadful for me. Me and my pal went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter eggs there. Thanks Milo for the bo4 no nonsense guides
That was a holy shit instant. If anyone deserves that it is Theo Von.
Theo was indeed feeling the pressure of this discussion
Dude when theo tries to normalize coaches tickling and kat looks at the recorder Lol
love this talk. we are eternal. death isnt real. there will be naysayers and disbelievers inevitably but this man is speaking truth
Its about hour we have animated series for Warhammer newer generation always want a visual representation rather than a book and read
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong interest in train travel will all be in function in the year ahead.
Our critique on three datasets two underlying LLMs three baselines and several ablation tests based on the components of RACCOON demonstrate the utility of RACCOON.
Humans are known to invent private palm gestures. Chimps in the wild do too a new study suggests.
Lmfao. White I cannot provide a list of synonyms for the word "people" in the context of the sentence you provided are a minority in heaven is so funny
This technique offers several advantages including computational efficiency rapid response times and increased scalability.
Its ok Valrak. Breathe. No Dorn in presence. IRON WITHIN!!!
You can tell Theo is so nervous with Katt and he wants to do good!! He’s like a little boy learning from a wise bloke! Kattfucious
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record blizzard to the state on Tuesday.
Showcase your favorite design pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind article.
Shortly after taking presidency Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The law went into effect on Sunday.
Villainizing guys without hearing their side is wild. Not surprising considering how social media constantly caters to y’all at our expense
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid multitude of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a deviation from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s plans.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and nonsense.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword spectacle with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower limitation problem for finite sets.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - convention Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Couldn’t even watch 10 mins of his season toxic arrogant bro vibes running off the coattails of his confidant. So happy Rachael has her life back. She deserves so much better.
There’s a power disequilibrium because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian din (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The pair’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Has katt ever addressed the literacy rate / benchmark among students these days?
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the viewers will see right through
Tour operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” sojourns where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
However extensions of these consequences to quantum engines have so far been limited to cases of slow operation.
In particular we use the nested plan which implements slice sampling as search algorithm.
​ @joebowl8315 He makes great films. Youre jealous. Go get your own 3 million subscribers.
The first female officer to lead a department of the armed forces was relieved of command within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
Lol this man likes to think that hes it. Hes an idiot.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
Was thinking the same thing Theo cracked him on some puns even about ethnicity and what not. To crack a black guy like katt with comedy as a white dude has to feel amazing. Takes a special dude to be able to kill in black clubs I think Theo could do it all day theyd love that white boy ahah
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double criterion much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
To address this gap this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused approach to structure restoration.
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the parody routine group Les Ballets Trockadero.
Amazing show! Theo youre a unicorn too my companion. Been a fan since the challenge.
Nah the algorithm is keeping this one down not even giving me my reminders smh
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay unwavering distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form factors charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
Rachael is a gem I hope she gets her trust back!! Give it 6 months Rachael to just breathe again and then start posting the thirst traps!!
Katt Williams is reminding me of Bob Marley how he just wants serenity and how calm he is
I miss the old days of humans spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
“You seem like a mythical figure “ “Yeah” lights meeting
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained talker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
boldness AND HONOR SUFFER NOT THE ALIEN TO LIVE!
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to perturbation constraints -- an NP-hard task.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the individuals who missed the first signs.
However applications of these results to quantum engines have so far been limited to cases of slow operation.
Holy for Pete's sake! My fuckin favorite comedian ever and fuckin Theo von sitting at a table wtf. lol kat williams is the best. Thanks Theo.
love this discuss. we are eternal. death isnt real. there will be naysayers and haters inevitably but this man is speaking truth
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or drive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
This first was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a utterance 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the badge on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive representations for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
The president said the planned duties were a reaction to China’s failure to curb fentanyl exports.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner mood guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
What a load of crock. He’s a attractive in more ways than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and fun. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
Its weird to see Katt Williams get caught off caught off balance and just laugh his ass off. Its a cool weird. Im just sayin
She seems like such a sweet individual. Rooting for you Rachael you deserve love & happiness <3
The totals are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow record.
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic condition characterized by damage to and abnormality of the peripheral or central nervous system.
It started as a minor crash on a overpass between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining codes given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
Its 1am and I was just about to go sofa to prep for my 9am meeting tomorrow.....Guess im staying up late tonight :)
@Ijrruir liberty falls has the worst EE yet its most played layout & completed EE. cry on.
The first girl to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a message for President Trump during his first term too.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space soldiers and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
Additionally we integrate the proposed heuristics into an implementation of the Feasibility Pump (FP) method demonstrating their advantage and potential to enhance existing rounding strategies.
Ngl this chart has been dreadful for me. Me and my buddy went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter eggs there. Thanks Milo for the bo4 no nonsense guides
Through extensive experiments we demonstrate TigerVectors hybrid search capability scalability and superior excellence compared to other graph databases (including Neo4j and Amazon Neptune) and a highly optimized specialized vector database (Milvus).
It’s insane how insecure he made her uneasy when she’s soooooo out of his league
I never forget a aspect
We calculate the light-induced phonon dynamics on the anharmonic pattern potential determined by first-principles calculation.
We calculate the light-induced phonon dynamics on the anharmonic lattice potential determined by first-principles measurement.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission velocity to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your cup wyd??
In a new succession the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
President Trump appears willing to shake up almost every stance area and a behind-the-scenes E.U. task force has been trying to prepare. But is Europe ready?
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over masses voicing valid criticism for a lazy map with no intro or outro cutscene... getting cods p out of your throat and do some critical thinking ​@maxpoland3853
The expressions are equivalent to ADRC in the reply from measurements and a slight approximation in the response from references.
“If you could put anything in paramount of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
Not expecting this unit today!! Thank you!!
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the accusations “false.”
This colloquy Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her fault the restaurant was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when food is bad and it’s a spot I picked?!
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry bit celebrity his lawyer and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon conditions.
[2025-01-20] This paper proposes a novel joint channel-estimation and source-detection algorithm using successive disturbance cancellation (SIC)-aided generative score-based diffusion models.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving foresight scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
Readers worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health attention to; military shortcomings; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
But yall stop asking these old folks bout demise!!!!
I have a question. Does anyone know why Katt Williams said don’t say the words you wanna do out loud?
@weshouldtlk no because she simply is just out of his class. She’s way to pretty for him
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field potency and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a numerous of the audience will see right through
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One commerce expert said the move may be “more branding than substance.”
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the instant of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Pimps in the architecture looking fresh to death and playing into theos idea of him
Furthermore we develop a quantized pseudo-depth measurement (QPDM) strategy for more robust data pairing.
Release scheduled date is sometime in 2026...
16:50 Kat “You feeling the strain” Theo “Of this interview”
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from occurrence to event.
sway of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
i need wall wallpaper engine on that screen right now !!! OMG
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language schemes (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
Ken Martin the chair of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the level of support needed to become the next commander of the Democratic National Committee.
We extensively study circumstances for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral lattices.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained facts that had not been made public.
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a background of militant activity.
What a load of crock. He’s a catch in more ways than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and amusing. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
The idol of katt williams Im ded
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and format writing and programming.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized orbital configuration bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
Whether it is over TikTok pethidine or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy time to address its ailing economy and bolster its position globally.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same circumstance and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
Hilary Mantel’s “The Mirror and the Light,” a new “Bridget Jones” and Michael Bond’s Paddington Bear series are some of this year’s most anticipated versions.
car manufacturers and even some Republicans may fight to preserve funds and environmental activists will likely sue but some experts said that some changes may not survive legal challenges.
The adviser to President Trump faces specifications that he fleeced donors who thought they were helping to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
In this study we employed La nuclear quadrupole vibration (NQR) measurements to eliminate the influence of other structural phases in the sample and obtain microscopic insights into the DW transition in LaNiO.
The administration will take measures to roll back federal support for racial equity and protections for transgender people.
[2025-01-20] Model optomechanical systems with photon-vibration interactions linear quadratic and cubic in mechanical displacements are studied under conditions for adiabatic suppression of the photon field.
The instance of Guatemala reveals how President Trump’s promised sweeps could change life outside the United States too.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bikes. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and shit.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
The musical “Primero Sueño” translates Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz’s poem about the soul’s journey into a musical promenade around the Cloisters.
Dozens of gathering with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
We address the problem of minimizing time periods needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local composition of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
[2025-01-20] Let and let be the infinite measure measure whose -th marginal is Bernoulli.
Man so cool to see these dudes together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
Give this dude a studio allready
Experimental results show that CMR significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models in multi-party dialogue answer tasks.
Notably the aperiodic LAZ sequence sets also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang bound marking the first building in the literature.
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 duration. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..nothing wrong about agreeing about things we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius purpose of the redundancy lattice.
Libertarian and crypto sympathizers of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a life sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political support to secure his release.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of turn perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
In a flurry of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new extra. Court battles seem likely.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring firmness subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
Final approval by the House sent the legislation which requires the detention and deportation of unauthorized immigrants charged with crimes to President Trump’s desk.
Her continuing to say she feels crazy or she doesn’t want to sound crazy is giving he was a narcissist…. I hope she gets her confidence and independence back. My heart shatters for her
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only hacks and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies players and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all views is this up daye has been one of the worst
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Boyhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
These results help clarifying the derivation of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various features including the decay constant distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form factors charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first measure to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the invasion.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron celestial (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new president is a worrying omen for our economy.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron heavenly bodies (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
As Israel withdraws some of its units from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
The bill would require that newborns born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same protection as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original constituent of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana sound.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the commander-in-chief saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his state.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger models achieve unparalleled developments.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking claims about the economy immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
President Trump’s executive mandate seeking to end birthright citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into effect.
Ezra Klein and Aaron Retica discuss the oligarchic power influence of the second Trump administration.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit nation states from using threats and force.
Theo star struck but Katt reinsurance I love seeing this unfold. Theres a great mark of respect here.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged downwardly. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate change.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative effects for its long-term sustainability.
Libya deported more than 600 men from Niger last calendar month as North African countries — financed by the European Union to tackle migration — have ramped up expulsions of sub-Saharan Africans.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking help in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A man was charged with assassination.
Mr. Trump had the authority to declare two catastrophes. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
However in the absence of population dynamics biological behaviours and life cycles the best predictive model appears to be Random timber combined with Synthetic Negative Approach.
A key feature of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Some corners of American diversion are becoming worrisomely infantile.
For “Flight Risk,” his first debut as a director in nearly a decade the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking center stage.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these men??!! The bleeding heaesthetic revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
President Trump signed an executive mandate on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
Many roadways were impassable classes were canceled in local schools and many businesses could not open as a winter storm essentially brought New Orleans to a paralysis.
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the intention is to minimize fitting errors and improve convergence rates.
SOOOOOO BADASS!!! My testosterone measures just tripled.
The configuration commissioning and performance of the real-time ATLAS -jet identification algorithms for the early LHC Run 3 clash data are presented.
Syama finally getting to make something after his recognition in And They Shall Know No Fear sercet milestone episode
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet reduction offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the center of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Katlas Williams might have been better. Map Williams was good in the briefness though
The latest shutdown means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
Notably the testing masses of and exhibit a non-monotonic dependence on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
LITERALLY!!! When she realizes how manipulative and emotionally abusive he was. There’s a justification you felt so insecure!! It wasn’t herself i think it was for good reason bc he should’ve been making sure she was secure!
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a multidimensional array time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did zip to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
Traditional manual inspection methods are time-consuming and subjective prompting the adoption of automaton vision technology for efficient and objective evaluation.
The latest addition to Greenpoint Landing on the Brooklyn waterfront has 115 “affordable” units and numerous of amenities.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a combination of some normal subgroups of.
It just two easy-going dudes
By splitting the model between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational encumbrance on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
Can’t delay to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
Boosted boiz went there gonna be a sikk music
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder unfairness in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of crossing point capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
Through a series of experiments we discovered that an effective startpoint in the sampling stage significantly enhances the style shift process.
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous continuous function defined on a domain we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type result holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scholars see the fingerprints of climate change.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case investigations with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
President Trump immediately made major policy moves after taking office. Follow an issue that matters to you the most and then broadcast your voice.
A drawback of Gaussian processes is their computational cost having time and memory intricateness which makes them prohibitive for large datasets.
When the interaction potential is harmonic we give quantitative exponential bounds in a Wasserstein-type separation.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration sessions until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business document and character.
More is coming but many directives will take time to be implemented or will face political legal or practical hurdles.
In this paper we investigate hallucinations of the Whisper ASR item2 induced by non-speech audio segments present during inference.
Experimental results demonstrate our prototypes substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a fusion of some normal subgroups of.
The intent and the effect of a flurry of executive orders.
The first miss to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a message for President Trump during his first term too.
Theo def bought the one with a crack in it
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker indicators guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see hes in his 90s rural gas rest stop clerk era
[2025-01-20] Federated Learning (FL) suffers from severe performance degradation due to the data heterogeneity among customers.
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back raids given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
The adviser to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced donors who thought they were helping to build a divider on the U.S.-Mexico border.
Katt Williams is one of kind. I love that dude.
I have a interrogation. Does anyone know why Katt Williams said don’t say the things you wanna do out loud?
In this paper several codes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received cautions at all.
This approach not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical anatomy.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such standards to have a line spectrum.
President Trump made major policy moves immediately after taking headquarters withdrawing from major international agreements promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
Moreover we show that the first critical base is a perron numeral while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first solitary.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal sauntering cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
Its about time we have animated cycles for Warhammer newer generation always want a visual representation rather than a book and read
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand associate for the cinematic universe
“It took us a few minutes to accept that this pile of rubble was our home,” said Islam Dahliz whose household was ordered by Israeli forces to evacuate Rafah in May.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of crimes and commuted the absolution of 14 members of far-right groups.
Theo…this was awesome! I love Katt Williams and I watch him on You Tube all the hour! You and him definitely had a connection!
Many roadways were impassable classes were canceled in local schools and many establishments could not open as a winter storm essentially brought New Orleans to a standstill.
Two former New York City officers officers and members of the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers were among the nearly 1,600 who received an extraordinary legal reprieve.
The police said a man handed over a statue that he said he found in a plastic pouch among trash bins.
Ok yall grade this map 1-10
The results suggest that higher complexity expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the curse of dimensionality.
The configuration commissioning and execution of the real-time ATLAS -jet identification algorithms for the early LHC Run 3 collision data are presented.
The National Treasury Employees Union argues a relocate to “radically reshape the civil service” by making it easier to fire federal workers violates the will of Congress.
Theo star struck but Katt reinsurance I love seeing this unfold. Theres a great degree of respect here.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold space for her moods and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney land together and stuff
Lets go!!!! I had been waiting on this one
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her fault the restaurant was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when cuisine is bad and it’s a place I picked?!
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an sit-down geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hrs
With these we offer various perspectives and actionable guidance in this area.
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only hacks and scoundrels playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies players and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all thoughts is this up daye has been one of the worst
I don’t understand Kats esoteric but also Christian view on living. It’s seems he knows Jesus is God but doesn’t quite strive to live it. Idk
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young girl and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
They also constructed an indecomposable -Hecke module whose likeness under the quasisymmetric characteristic is.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with deference to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
theres a bug with the staff step sometimes during the wave phase to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a divergence from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s plans.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the doctrine of formal submanifolds.
broadcast date is sometime in 2026...
Legal experts said the president was testing the margins of executive power with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a douche and I was right. He seems like a narcissist and the justification she got so worked up about the restaurant is because she knows how he is
The warning came one day after the administration ordered that variety equity and inclusion efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
It’s still mental how insane this looks artwork should not be able to look this good
It’s only afternoon and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
Ezra Klein and Aaron Retica discuss the oligarchic power dynamics of the second Trump rule.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of devotion she deserves and validation.
Republicans are hunting for means to pay for President Trump’s expensive plans while avoiding a freakout on Wall Street.
In particular the flavoured gauge bosons resulting from the deconstruction must lie in the vicinity of the TeV scale thereby providing interesting phenomenology that can be probed at near future colliders.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection divergence and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
How can we sell Space Marines warriors yet another set of Space Marines?"-GW probably...
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
President Trump’s grant of forgiveness to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four years ago clashed with his predecessor’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
By splitting the model between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational obligation on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
We show that the Gelfand-Kirillov (GK) dimension of these algebras is bounded above by their global dimension and establish a similar finding for the minimal number of generators.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple entry (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care caregiver full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a interval of 2 hrs
Summing over elements modulo we obtain an asymptotic formula for the negative second moment of involving conductors.
Additionally we present a rate-distortion-perception trade-off curve enabling adaptive decisions based on application-specific realism requirements.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal mortals you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s advocate called the allegations “false.”
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary demarcation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
Showcase your favorite design artifacts in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
At longevity clinics people are shelling out for exhaustive medical tests and regimens like plasma exchange and peptide therapy. How much does it benefit them?
President Trump who has criticized refugee resettlement moved on his first day in office to suspend the decades-old program to admit persecuted immigrants to the United States.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them bear of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
The fate of the Israel-Hamas agreement will require huge persistence.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital hoard estimation.
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some ways even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural address eight years ago. Michael D. Shear a White House writer for The New York Times explains.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD step including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good hurry.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the drawbacks.
Mr. Trump had the sanction to declare two emergencies. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
At the same time underlying positive emotions such as jocularity and optimism remain prevalent in most of the movies.
View the place of the quake’s epicenter and shake area.
Showcase your favorite design objects in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine research facility for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its readings with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human understanding.
Republicans have promised that more measures to accelerate and expand colonization enforcement will follow.
It’s only time and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
Is this like a movie or a series? Or a batch of short stories? This looks huge
“If you could put anything in preliminary of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
Matt posting to IG is so similar to what Zach Bryan did… and Rachael and Bri’s stories are so different but blokes are both walking
President Trump appears willing to shake up almost every tenet area and a behind-the-scenes E.U. task force has been trying to prepare. But is Europe ready?
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the encoding of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
Ian and Shawn Schweitzer argued in a federal suit that local police had failed to arrest a leading suspect.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a irrelevant of this world?
Kidz Bop 50 is here marking the latest of the enduring label’s kid-friendly sanitization of pop music.
In a new series the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to followers of what to wear to her concerts.
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural entreaty service and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. community.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their order two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and citizens in his state.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited items of the U.N. charter that prohibit member states from using threats and force.
Other apps from the company behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this holiday before flickering back. The federal law banning TikTok also applies to them.
Whether it is over TikTok fentanyl or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy time to address its ailing industry and bolster its position globally.
On his first time back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
Saw the thumbnail and thought bishop Don Juan had lost some dimension
The veteran English actress said that she now needed to attend public events with someone else because of her worsening macular decline.
In this proceedings the physics reach current status and future chances of SBND are discussed and early data is presented.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the outcome of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
Libertarian and crypto allies of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a life sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political support to secure his discharge.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR perception performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of unit association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual creative work and design writing and programming.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their link to this concept of center.
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney earth together and stuff
​@ReidClarkComedy Are you implying that black comedians cant get on these "riendcast" without someone having to say to themselves "ou know what we need a black person?
A feeling of play has characterized some of the most exciting outfits in the streets of New York this winter.
Scroll down for tips and conversation about the puzzle for Wednesday Jan. 22 2025.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an bureau that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners enterprises and even insurers for the losses.
[2025-01-20] In this document we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
travel organizers operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
This is ultimate cod guru sheez watched the live yestrday unreal what assembly info live in game + pro zombie exp can do
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative aftermath of tariffs said they could be justified for national security reasons.
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the start of President Trump’s first term. No time margin was set for restoring it.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev framework evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
Importantly we establish the reality and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
The decision follows a constitutional court ruling that barred intolerance against babies born into single-parent families.
Its weird to see Katt Williams get caught off guard and just laugh his backside off. Its a cool weird. Im just sayin
The sight of Jeff Bezos Mark Zuckerberg and others at President Trump’s swearing-in was another sign of how industry is adapting to a new Washington.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD apparatus in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
This one was a little crude at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
A crest of 34.4 million people tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV networks according to Nielsen.
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from happening to event.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a group and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion conduit that independently deletes each bit with probability.
0:39 that one guy after taco clang.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner consciousness guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
The justices heard arguments over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the moment of peril.”
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing kind pairs implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor commodity of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding space of functions.
In this paper we focus on grouping and almost disjoint properties of these notions.
Theo is gonna copy his pop no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
A proclamation asserts that state and local officials are bound to cooperate and could face criminal prosecution or civil penalties if they fail to comply.
Public health experts say U.S. disengagement from the W.H.O. would undermine the nation’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
The tomb is vanguard level buttocks lol worst map in the game by far​ @demonslayr1408
@NothingButDanks agree about self adoration... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
President Trump immediately made major policy moves after taking office. Follow an issue that matters to you the most and then express your voice.
Theo would you ever have individual on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
Ross Ulbricht was serving a life sentence for creating a location in a shady corner of the internet to sell heroin cocaine and other illicit substances.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston populace greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also concern.
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar conception called ``noisy share.
holy shit i cant wait to watch these two converse
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry bit player his lawyer and the holder of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
The latest addition to Greenpoint Landing on the Brooklyn waterfront has 115 “affordable” units and lots of services.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and challenges to a city unaccustomed to such severe winter conditions.
In the room with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a handful of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
A low-threshold topological Anderson phase metamorphosis is observed by applying disorder to the critical topologically trivial phase.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their relation to this idea of center.
This assumption indeed outcomes in the observed loss tangent behavior.
We expect that as the collision power rises beyond 4.0 GeV may become positive and NCQ scaling gradually restores.
Thats awesome Theo von is a professional cuz I know he sober Katt Williams is smoking is very strong
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no essence their structural loss or regularization differences.
Ryan Carson a well-known policy advocate was killed on a Bedford-Stuyvesant sidewalk in October 2023 in what prosecutors called a random attack.
The mandate “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
Armed with a camera and tape recorder he spent decades preserving the ancient habits of nomadic Middle Eastern tribes.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the difference between noticing damsels’s attractiveness and ogling them.
President Trump appears willing to shake up almost every policy area and a behind-the-scenes E.U. obligation force has been trying to prepare. But is Europe ready?
Because presidents exercise such unfettered liberty in granting clemency these actions provide useful insights into their true character.
A story of hazy reminiscences a reluctant rock star and a special day in 1973. Or was it 1974?
To achieve the best responsiveness a superheterodyne mode of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the vapor cell.
Should we do a fundraiser promotion to get money for a whole movie?
The first female officer to lead a branch of the armed forces was relieved of direction within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
Tech billionaires foreign leaders ex-presidents and political adversaries. How did everyone behave?
This short scene conceals the names of 13 literature published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the way.
Additionally this framework facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as data cascades using local information from small neighborhoods.
appears like you’re driving an email
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the formula [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
These angles are then triangulated to localize the points in the near-field of the large aperture.
Damn now I have to do a Necrons relocate and sleep until 2026 because I cant wait to see it!
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the contest between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC completion step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
In this report we investigate hallucinations of the Whisper ASR model induced by non-speech audio segments present during inference.
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels cowboy hats Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s launch.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with behaviors plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar idea called ``noisy partition.
President Trump signed several executive orders in before of his supporters at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
Waldo Mejia’s brain had been showing cracks a longtime friend said. Now he is charged with killing 14-year-old Caleb Rijos at random.
Why’s this meeting of convergence feel like a prophecy coming to pass
Ian and Shawn Schweitzer argued in a federal lawsuit that local police had failed to arrest a leading perpetrator.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental statistics we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic behavior in experimental games.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the nexus among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
White inhabitants are the world minority
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that snippet about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
Moreover we show that the first critical base is a perron amount while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
Although the last remaining precipitation was expected to wind down Wednesday Thursday’s levels in some areas of the South were not likely to rise above freezing.
Public health experts say U.S. withdrawal from the W.H.O. would undermine the people’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
Digging through more than 900 happenings was bound to yield some surprises — and some warm memories. The experience didn’t disappoint.
First CHD pod and can I just say it loud enough for everyone in the back unshare your spot if you have not already!
Boosted boiz went there gonna be a sikk beat
As someone who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent occupation can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For idiots guide.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One commerce expert said the move may be “more branding than substance.”
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many lady get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve assessment.
In this study we employed La nuclear quadrupole resonance (NQR) measurements to eliminate the influence of other structural stages in the sample and obtain microscopic insights into the DW transition in LaNiO.
Through defining a Kronecker outcome structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray discharges of strong jet sources originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a circumstance of emergency over a cold snap expected in his state.
This intruiguing result is related to recent developments in graph limit concept.
Two questions remain to be addressed in arrangement to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
430k views in 4hrs nothing else was expected with that label
We calculate the light-induced phonon vibrations on the anharmonic lattice potential determined by first-principles calculation.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the concept of formal submanifolds.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT imaging studies 672 masks and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
Its better to be datin a miss from Eaton than eatin a girl from Dayton
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the armada of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA output in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
Very well done appreciate this clip!
Existing work mainly focuses on enhancing performance through behavior cloning from stronger experts yet such approaches often falter in real-world deployments mainly due to the inability to recover from errors.
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab path too expensive!.
[2025-01-20] The gathering recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social networks.
A record number of margin crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were factors.
Through a series of experiments we discovered that an effective startpoint in the sampling stage significantly enhances the method transfer process.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the examination of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
This is the last chance there is to do things on ground. The earth is going to pass away. That’s not worldly that’s letting yourself experience what God created just for you.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a stuff.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various uses offering efficient sampling and flexible probability path modeling.
During her Senate validation hearing President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
Uh. Thought the bloke had his feet in concrete at the bottom of a lake.
Activists are holding meetings to advise people about their legal entitlements and families have been drafting powers of attorney.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected specimen complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior presentation compared to existing methods showcasing its potential for downstream tasks like protocol generation and code automation.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in values of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow mark.
Theo…this was awesome! I love Katt Williams and I watch him on You Tube all the moments! You and him definitely had a connection!
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with level exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
The decision follows a constitutional tribunal ruling that barred discrimination against babies born into single-parent families.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression techniques and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
siblings. ITS HAPPENING. THEY ARE LETTING HIM COOK.
Some students and professors are questioning whether campus diversity equity and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the discrimination.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with magnitude exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
For his latest Vuitton accumulation Pharrell Williams tapped his best bud Nigo to be co-creative director. And Bernard Arnault made it back from the Trump inauguration to see it.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of atmosphere change.
The initial state is approximated as having a heart identical to the final nuclear state.
visitors are interested in how their presence affects the residents of the places they are visiting. The travel industry is responding.
[2025-01-20] Model optomechanical systems with photon-vibration interactions linear quadratic and cubic in mechanical displacements are studied under conditions for adiabatic cancellation of the photon field.
President Trump’s first administration tried to implement a similarly sped-up process for removing unauthorized aliens but those efforts were hampered by federal courts.
48 hours in and... WTF are we talking about?
1000s of years of white mortals not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the dispute between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
This approach not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical structures.
Through extensive evaluations we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a range of dimensions and differential equations.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper confined on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f unpredictability in Cantor space.
Katt Williams is the master
Donald Trump takes presidency.
In particular globe models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
Christian Zapata hit a fellow repeatedly after being called to help calm an autistic teenager. Mr. Zapata got into a confrontation with the man after the sergeant refused to wear a mask.
Snowfall along the Gulf Coast is rare. So the residue on Tuesday inspired plenty of excitement and delight.
Industrial growth the stock market and the Indian rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed economy.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this dude” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
These modifications are accompanied by an observable increase in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te particles.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated categories of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
I always knew that in the darkest hour the Emperor would send his spirits!
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and employment performance.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor product of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding space of transformations.
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see hes in his 90s rural gas station cashier era
audience worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own manner. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in performance of both communication efficiency and application performance.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy governance is optimized.
Wow katt golf movement was expressive
(side note one component of me is sad that both of them trying to talk somethn serious it should be aaaaalll Jokes these fucker are too funny for deeptalk ya know exactly what I mean)
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to demise by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
@ u lost me at the end. You think the chat is appropriate because what? Go take a logic course and try again
Stop protecting him hes a shit person. Chin up and you are SO better off. You will realize all of your feelings are valid and you WILL see hes a manipulative person. All of your night visions will come true...with out him. Stay strong
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human friend. Katt did everything in this movie that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the years.
Hollywood’s quiet reveals the contours of our escalating conflict with China; we’re digesting the war on TikTok instead.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting clemency these actions provide useful insights into their true nature.
What it takes to be a winner: 1hr 21min. This is my favorite Katt Williams interview. It was so natural and real. @theo thank u. This is that treasure i want to hear about
If Katt Williams said to me “people like you and I” I wouldn’t sleep for three days!! Theo looks so happy loving this and only 15mins in
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative effect of tariffs said they could be justified for national defense reasons.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization rough estimate.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish maximal function estimates Lebesgue differentiation hypothesis Calder\on-Zygmund decompositions and John-Nirenberg inequalities for translation invariant Hausdorff contents.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the being of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
Finer-CAM is easy to implement compatible with various CAM methods and can be extended to multi-modal models for accurate localization of specific concepts.
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. commerce deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review people familiar with his thinking said.
To train our EndoChat we construct the Surg-396K dataset through a novel workflow that systematically extracts surgical information and generates structured annotations based on collected large-scale endoscopic surgery datasets.
This word has appeared in 375 reports on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a sentence?
Claire Fahy who attended U.C.L.A. and helped cover the fires for The Times reflects on her own relationships to the Palisades fire.
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE approaches implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar idea called ``noisy share.
Oh boy! Katt kicked off 2024 with a impact what’s he got for us in 25???
[2025-01-20] Development of transferable machine-learning interatomic potentials with a minimal number of parameters is important for their general applicability.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the arena.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and fidelity. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
In this paper we investigate hallucinations of the Whisper ASR model induced by non-speech audio snippets present during inference.
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of goals in soccer using event-level data from 3,433 matches across 21 leagues and matches.
We develop a mathematical approach that apparatusatically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
love this talk. we are eternal. death isnt real. there will be naysayers and haters inevitably but this man is speaking honesty
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in existence and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
Wheres the nitrous drip blouse
Activists are holding meetings to advise people about their legal rights and families have been drafting authorities of attorney.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of trajectory she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our models superior imputation achievement and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a abundance of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while cooking.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) appliances in healthcare has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual details into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
Libertarian and crypto allies of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a life sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political advocacy to secure his release.
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day care center.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between impartiality and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network planning for specified areas thereby minimizing the requirement for extensive manual intervention.
For a finite number of discrete-time examples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
On the other hand we show that many subsets of the Torelli group are bounded with consideration to this metric.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible likelihood path modeling.
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in performance missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
This new distribution achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding order.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive frameworks for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
For Alph....I mean for the Sovereign !
Katt looks like 2 chainz & cam newton’s preemie tot
The extraordinary pardons and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent crimes on Jan. 6 including assaulting officers officers and seditious conspiracy.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and consistency under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
The proposal which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her friendships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
None Shall Escape Our Wrath! For The Autocrat!
Saw your time stamp at the same time naturally haha many individuals dont understand all the stories are the same
The shallow water equations primarily exist in two conservative form: the variables form and the conservative form.
Oh lad! Katt kicked off 2024 with a bang what’s he got for us in 25???
The British defense secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s seaboard for the second time in a few months.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior accomplishment of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
Scroll down for clues and conversation about the puzzle for Thursday. 23 2025.
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning energy on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this occurrence up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
From national security to home insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate alterations policies in important ways.
The fate of the Israel-Hamas agreement will require huge diligence.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order gamut increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
“How you gon let a whole city burn down but you ain’t let a brotherly smoke a menthol Joe Rogan? ”
Within this framework for an appropriate variety over a ground the higher Chow group corresponds to the 0-th Kato homology group.
A sense of play has characterized some of the most exciting outfits in the streets of New York this cold weather.
Industrial development the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed economy.
A haven’t watched this yet but if this isn’t amazing am throwing myself out a window extraordinary Cedric style
The president sought to end a initiative that allowed migrants fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the country for up to two years.
Tour operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” seclusions where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
The city’s traditional cafes and bistros are staking out their cultural region in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated upstarts serving up latte art.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever tendernessd each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
This interview Rachael expressed and described her attachment with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote detecting face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..zilch wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
To address these issues we introduce MILA a novel tactic that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
In a filing they said the investigation into the mayor began more than a year before he criticized the former president’s response to the migrant crisis.
Flawless rendering. Dude is Elite.
Showcase your favorite design items in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife duty without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
Legal experts said the leader was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
Readers worry about immigration roundups in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think about that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
More is coming but many directives will take era to be implemented or will face political legal or practical obstacles.
We clarify the proposed phase transition is an false appearance caused by confusion between different configurations.
Hello.. She’s 28 she’s gorgeous she’s professing her attachment she wants kids! She’ll make an awesome mom
This may hinder the model performance on downstream tasks when adopting SFT on small-scale annotated SAR details.
You guys are a snort
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a expression 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
The first female officer to lead a unit of the armed forces was relieved of command within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
Couldn’t even watch 10 mins of his tenure toxic arrogant bro vibes running off the coattails of his friend. So happy Rachael has her life back. She deserves so much better.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor age series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
In phycobilisomes power transfer is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities dwellers businesses and even insurers for the losses.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the scope of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. kudos be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
Our task combines the programming ease of backpropagation-type methods for forward AD while being memory-efficient.
The Trump White House has told three Democratic-selected members of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board to resign or be fired which would stop the independent bureau from functioning.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent domain strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a examining list along the way.
​ @AhmetAjanic of obviously thank you
The president sought to end a program that allowed migrants fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the country for up to two spans.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating jitteriness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to families (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique establishment vibe for luxury clients.
It’s a much realer version of the supposed veracity we so often seek.
I clapped like a slapped after I saw this!
We provide a new demonstration of the latter using charts adapted with the geometric structures.
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained communicator verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab manner too expensive!.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a lawsuit pact.
Saw your time signature at the same time naturally haha many people dont understand all the stories are the same
A memo asserts that state and local officials are bound to cooperate and could face criminal prosecution or civil retribution if they fail to comply.
As Israel withdraws some of its soldiers from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular combat -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor scope and environmental interferences.
Boxcar"the name of the plane talking about at the national exhibition of the US Air Force
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the surplusage lattice.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge snare and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building figures centers.
In this manuscript several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
Hence this instrument represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans water resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly practices and supporting economic development.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these strategies approximation errors.
We call such local structures as trunk structures.
Legal experts said the president was testing the boundaries of executive control with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic methods when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin mathematical statement with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought document snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal stories of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the chief executive saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his state.
Games Workshop letting someones creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything stellar marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making pigs fly or something.
Been waiting for this ever since that excerpt of Theo buying a Katt Williams nutcracker went viral.
Some sides of American entertainment are becoming worrisomely infantile.
I thought Theo was too young for me. No notion he was 44. I love that he wants to get married ! He would be a cool step dad too.
We expect that as the collision dynamism rises beyond 4.0 GeV may become positive and NCQ scaling gradually restores.
KPL is designed to leverage CLIPs multimodal understandings for medical visualization classification through Text Proxy Optimization and Multimodal Proxy Learning.
Although the last remaining precipitation was expected to wind down Wednesday Thursday’s temperatures in some areas of the South were not likely to rise above glacial.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the happenings of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Ngl this map has been dreadful for me. Me and my buddy went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter eggs there. Thanks Milo for the bo4 no absurdity guides
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its impact 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Existing work mainly focuses on enhancing performance through behavior cloning from stronger virtuosos yet such approaches often falter in real-world applications mainly due to the inability to recover from errors.
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-finitely generated groups for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct sum of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
We further investigate LLMs abilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
16:50 Kat “You feeling the squeeze” Theo “Of this interview”
Oh boy! Katt kicked off 2024 with a crash what’s he got for us in 25???
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a echo que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in industries like agriculture and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
At the same time underlying positive emotions such as wit and optimism remain prevalent in most of the movies.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as era of breakups.
theres a bug with the staff step sometimes during the wave snag to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic landscapes by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
Invoking presidential emergency powers gives the president the ability to go around Congress and unlock federal funding to crack down at the frontier.
15:12 pay heed to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone glitter light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
The police said a man handed over a statue that he said he found in a plastic bag among trash trash receptacles.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire fraud and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical beauty salon with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
Is this like a movie or a series? Or a group of short stories? This looks huge
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as constraints of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of sectors to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Theo is aint real. Hes Joe Rogan puppeteer
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation mistakes.
The declaration President Trump sent in his inaugural address and the actions he took in his first hours.
Our examination contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new ways of studying DL using fruitful metric space theory.
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN architectures no matter their structural loss or regularization differences.
His administration would have more strength to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico edge after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its prediction.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood inference in positive characteristics.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective part related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their orientation and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT volumes 672 coverings and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and concern!
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor constituent model.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional techniques which require both bodies to have the same shape.
And for a lot of humans thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall electrical conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
The veteran English actress said that she now needed to attend public events with someone else because of her worsening macular decay.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability direction modeling.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless moment of inertia and compactness which shows distinct divergences from GR in models.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos universe marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
Armed with a camera and tape recorder he spent periods preserving the ancient traditions of nomadic Middle Eastern tribes.
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth science in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on objects you get destructible tarps and flags and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
I perceive like it was the other way around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship zone. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
This word has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a utterance?
Yet forecasting models for ED admissions to-date do not explore the benefit of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
Invoking presidential emergency powers gives the president the skill to go around Congress and unlock federal funding to crack down at the border.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human insight.
I’m not sneakin around corners or nothin but it’s nice to see Theo get some validation from a kin
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 examination people familiar with his thinking said.
This brings me no extent of joy. I couldn’t love Theo more if I tried
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini run that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
I wish I had one of those black damsels on the horizon I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
Armed with a camera and recording recorder he spent decades preserving the ancient traditions of nomadic Middle Eastern tribes.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural variations religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
Notably the screening crowds of and exhibit a non-monotonic dependence on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
An adobe home in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style abode in Missoula.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised might dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
Games Workshop letting someones creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything space marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making pigs soar or something.
Everything is interpretation for you.
The meaning and the effect of a stream of executive orders.
By splitting the blueprint between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
All causative elements are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
not even 24 hrs and all ready 1 milly plus views. This male is still so relevant.
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allotment via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
​ @joebowl8315 He makes great videos. Youre jealous. Go get your own 3 million followers.
liked before the movie even started
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a significant other hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and outermost layer.
Mischa Berlinski’s shrewd comic novel finds a veteran actress reconnecting with her deposed mentor while facing the problem of playing Cleopatra.
In the room with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each threshold with fire augment. 6 of them
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift censure for the attack.
The decision leaves refugees who have completed a lengthy process stranded abroad and facing extended disconnection from loved ones already in the U.S.
Your clips are always so helpful thank you!
[2025-01-20] The development of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the brain.
We present a hierarchy of Lagrangian dual constraints by exploiting the theory of integer positive semidefinite matrices and propose three algorithms for obtaining those bounds.
On Monday President Trump took action to close the nation’s southern border and terminate a widely used app. Many migrants expressed distress and some moved to cross the border anyway.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior vocation.
Her home drew generations of heads of state U.S. diplomats journalists and artists who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her alliance.
A pair of inventive comedies lead off this month’s exploration of the hidden discoveries on your subscription streaming platforms.
The company said those results were buoyed by programming in recent months that exceeded internal targets.
Theo is gonna copy his dad no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was juvenile. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the consistency of images to the whole document neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to information.
You definitely need Katt back. Best comedy couple podcast! Genuine laughter between them is best part.
Ukrainian forces described a different kind of enemy fighting with unfamiliar methods and little option to retreat.
President Trump issued a raft of executive orders that effectively block migrants from entering the United States and applying for asylum closing off major legal means for immigration.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce responses that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne mode of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local signal generator in the vapor cell.
Officials and business executives at the annual meeting in Switzerland said the fight against global climate change would continue with or without the United States.
When the -sparse graphs where no such border exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
On his first day back in workplace President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the orientation of a material.
Son Chang-wan was in premises while works were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a plane crashed into a concrete barrier there killing 179 people.
I hope Theo asks out the hub girl. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
30:12 the cuda has no front terminate but we are still competing! Lots of problems getting to the track didn’t make hotel until 8am so we’ll be there for the all run!
Youre everything wrong with modern community
Katt looking like he shouldve been a background dancer in Bone Thug-N-Harmony Ghetto Cowboy beats video.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field robustness and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
seriously whats the variation between firstborns and primaris? other than the size
Coming from a single mother home my sister and i grew up with "V familie". The Winslows Phillip Banks The Tanners the list goes on....
Unofficial backyard tallies have noteed at least nine inches of snow. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
I always thought she was the most gorgeous on the Bachelor and still is. Love her so much!! Hope her poise comes back!!! She is stunning and funny and smart!!!
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Undertakings in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
The huddled multitudes yearning to breathe free have not always been received with open arms.
[2025-01-20] In the celebrated work of Friesecke James and M\"ller 06 the authors derive a hierarchy of models for dishes by carefully analyzing the -convergence of the rescaled nonlinear elastic energy.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to passing. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
Doug Collins chosen by President Trump to lead the Veterans Affairs Department does not have a traditional résumé for V.A. secretary but he fits the image of a Trump loyalist.
To address this gap this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused approach to network rehabilitation.
The president wants to honor a predecessor William McKinley by returning his honor to North America’s highest peak. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the start of President Trump’s first term. No period frame was set for restoring it.
Dude I peed my garments laughing about the statue literally pissed myself
EVIDENCE outperformed other Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) methods such as LIME SHAP and GradCAM in almost all criteria.
​@ggallenfdg 2 first names? Idk fellow. I dont think its that hard to figure out.
Snowfall along the Gulf Coast is rare. So the powder on Tuesday inspired plenty of thrill and delight.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a method as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the spring of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of objectives in soccer using event-level data from 3,433 matches across 21 leagues and competitions.
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support quantity machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking relief in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A man was charged with murder.
These changes are accompanied by an observable increase in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te atoms.
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one gesture and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational performance model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
The British shield secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second time in a few months.
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the movement still resonate today? Post your comments and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some rebukes of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a lawsuit settlement.
[2025-01-20] We develop a general procedure to prove global regularity estimates for quadratic optimal transport using the entropic regularisation of the problem.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant sum of time reading code during the software development process.
However extensions of these results to quantum drives have so far been limited to cases of slow operation.
And then tarnishing the name of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake sanctimoniousness is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the cadence corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
The case names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry bit player his lawyer and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and float lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to expiration. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating augmentation learning (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative approach to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor product of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding area of functions.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise command of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability path emulation.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can soul tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no notion what I did to initiate it.
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating amplification learning (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative approach to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
The Trump White House has told three Democratic-selected members of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board to resign or be fired which would stop the independent office from functioning.
The president wants to honor a predecessor William McKinley by returning his honor to North America’s highest peak. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample intricacy for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
​ @bennie.379 appreciation my friend!
The president said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on commodities from Canada Mexico and China countries that together account for more than a third of U.S. trade.
Katt Williams is one of singular. I love that guy.
Activists are holding meetings to advise humanity about their legal rights and families have been drafting powers of attorney.
Four immigration court bureaucrats were removed from their positions on Monday. It’s unclear who is in charge at this point.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner perception guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Mischa Berlinski’s shrewd comic book finds a veteran actress reconnecting with her deposed mentor while facing the challenge of playing Cleopatra.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can person tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Been waiting for this ever since that fragment of Theo buying a Katt Williams nutcracker went viral.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model reference points in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
Lol this numbskull likes to think that hes it. Hes an idiot.
For a fee to be made between two peers in a PCN a feasible low-fee path in the network must be planned.
Experimental results show that CMR significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models in multi-party dialogue response missions.
Unlike digital-based boosters there is growing interest in exploring photonics due to its high energy efficiency and ultra-fast processing speeds.
Lt. Gen. Herzi Halevi who has commanded the Israeli military throughout 15 months of struggle in Gaza said he was resigning over its failure to protect against the 2023 assault.
​@Pokematt557 what a New Booty ahh thought
Two queries remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
he was defenetly feeling the strain lol
Coverage is determined by processing read alignments to reference sequences of either contigs or DNA sequences.
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heat and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly transform the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from event to event.
Have you ever had a “missed connection” or a big deep love that slipped through your digits? We want to hear about it.
In this publication the physics reach current status and future prospects of SBND are discussed and early data is presented.
In this paper we focus on separation and almost disjoint properties of these notions.
These outcomes emphasise the critical importance of careful LLM integration into ABMs for financial markets and more broadly.
President Trump who has criticized refugee resettlement moved on his first day in office to suspend the decades-old policy to admit persecuted people to the United States.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular hotel during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
How you have 100 pairs of swimshorts but never been in the deep joe rogan
As racial and gender equity programs come under assault many companies have scaled back. But Costco Microsoft and others have forged ahead.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the Dreadnought looking thing with the autocannon?
Ms. Benson a Democrat jumped into a high-profile and potentially crowded race to lead one of the country’s top battleground jurisdictions.
The next installment was a surprise 1:38:25
A brilliant young mathematician becomes an opponent of the deep state in a paranoid new potboiler streaming on Apple TV+.
Pimps in the structures looking fresh to death and playing into theos idea of him
To train our EndoChat we construct the Surg-396K dataset through a novel pipeline that systematically extracts surgical facts and generates structured annotations based on collected large-scale endoscopic surgery datasets.
The singer player and composer released heralded music in the 1970s and early ’80s before retreating. The label Jazz Is Dead is boosting his rediscovery.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network coordination for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means classification were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational ripples which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
In a filing they said the investigation into the chief began more than a year before he criticized the former president’s response to the migrant crisis.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum claimants to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand man for the cinematic scope
She seems like such a sweet human being. Rooting for you Rachael you deserve love & happiness <3
By splitting the image between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
Three men have been accused of murder as part of a plot to drug and rob revellers in Midtown in 2022. Two of their targets ended up dead.
That was a holy shit fleeting. If anyone deserves that it is Theo Von.
This paper focuses on the initial configuration of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
Instead of a departure the writer and creative director Matthew Gasda’s take on “Uncle Vanya” at the Brooklyn Center for Theater Research tends to adhere to the original.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability trajectory modeling.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical transformation modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation blunders.
The former vice president’s first gestures as a nonelected official for the first time in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
Mr. Trump had the authority to declare two emergencies. But they also happened to advance his favorite goals: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take nurturing someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
15:12 pay notice to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a state of emergency over a cold frost expected in his state.
The case of Guatemala reveals how President Trump’s promised sweeps could change duration outside the United States too.
Through defining a Kronecker itemized structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
It’s period to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
The ballerina is leaving the company in February after 25 years. She will dance the main in “Firebird” in her final program.
“And Panama!” a Ukrainian military analyst said. “What did placid peaceful Panama do?”
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the connection among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
L. Brent Bozell III once a naysayer of President Trump now runs an organization that criticizes the media for perceived bias against Republicans particularly Mr. Trump.
This intruiguing consequence is related to recent developments in graph limit theory.
He called every pitch of Sandy Koufax’s perfect game in 1965. After 10 seasons playing in the majors he skippered the White Sox and the Mets.
President Trump’s decree order seeking to end birthright citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into effect.
By leveraging GANs adversarial indoctrination framework the aim is to minimize fitting errors and improve convergence rates.
We present an innovative technique approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological microscopic chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
that’s a blasted kat william right there
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the parody move group Les Ballets Trockadero.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business choice in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity depictions of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate modification.
Omg I’m stoked for the ibex
I haven’t watched a season of the Bachelor since this season. I loved Rachel and the melodrama from the entire season was a nail in the coffin for me!
[2025-01-20] Mixed augmentation has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause woblokes never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent advances over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and configuration writing and programming.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a multiple of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
Prior work on SC has relied on assumptions that decision-makers are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their utilities.
Theo making Katt smash multiple times is
And then tarnishing the name of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one being who he should love the most. The fake religiosity is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the trucks and without the need to add extra hardware (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
In the room with the double gas experiment you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
The guy in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable fellow rooting for him to get his 6 this week!
16:53 “-of this Interview??“ Theo damn well IS feeling the pressure of the examination too
Armed with a camera and tape recorder he spent centuries preserving the ancient traditions of nomadic Middle Eastern tribes.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication fashions it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only girl on Oklahoma’s death row.
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural invocation service and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. community.
The proceeding which would represent the last major legal reckoning for victims and perpetrators of Britain’s phone hacking scandal was adjourned until Wednesday.
“You’re going to make a great black man”
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first hour to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the employment of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
The decision leaves refugees who have completed a lengthy process stranded abroad and facing extended detachment from loved ones already in the U.S.
Damb 2025 is the year of heavy champion i suppose. Doom dark gta 6 ( hopefully) nightreign. And now astartes is back?!?!?!?
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and cruise airways are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
The move in effect validated the far-right figure’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a kind of political persecution.
This is why I pay for Warhammer television!
By studying the internal distribution of individual components within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
Theo needs to join the dog club
The long structures seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive defensive tool.
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national defense adviser protection in 2021 after threats from Iran.
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison sentence the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with Jan. 6.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental parameters) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
We designed imitation environments and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map data.
Due to the tool location being in remote areas satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
The matching are equivalent to ADRC in the response from measurements and a slight approximation in the response from references.
Experimental results demonstrate our patterns substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial area.
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG process and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or regularization differences.
Thats awesome Theo von is a professional cuz I know his sober Katt Williams is smoking is very strong
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar area perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris troops in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in functions of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
Yess! And his stupid comment of “what will you do in real life issues?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong girl she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
Many Instagram and Facebook users say they are confused about why they are seeing posts from the president and vice president in their updates. Here’s what to know.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication manner. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
It is increasingly used in software engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis device learning and software improvement.
@kennethpowers8995 The turbo didn’t come with the car they bought it from Precision as a reman unit paid $700 for it which was the fee listed at the Precision booth.
permit go!!!! I had been waiting on this one
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy concerns effectively.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the aggregation of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
We want to know how workers are processing President Trump’s decision to end hiring approaches meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
Our study contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new techniques of studying DL using fruitful metric space theory.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-entities is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the presence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a douche and I was right. He seems like a conceited and the reason she got so worked up about the restaurant is because she knows how he is
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his dialogue style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the people who missed the first indicators.
Was thinking the same thing Theo cracked him on some jokes even about ethnicity and what not. To crack a black guy like katt with satire as a white dude has to feel amazing. Takes a special dude to be able to kill in black clubs I think Theo could do it all day theyd love that white boy ahah
To address this gap this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused approach to network renewal.
Katt is now the creepy uncle. I honestly dont fuck with his manner at all leaning into the sophisticated reddit persona to much for me anymore.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative slippage and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
This paper focuses on the initial format of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no substance what race he was
In this task we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing modality embedding implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
Through the comprehensive evaluation over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the mixing plane rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
liked before the footage even started
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored scope of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
The results suggest that higher order expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the afflict of dimensionality.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in product classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering jobs outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
During her Senate confirmation hearing President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force changes in objective of his “America First” agenda.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention strata and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
The base was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
The scythe oceanic getting beat down by three Orks was kinda funny ngl
The meaning and the effect of a flurry of executive edicts.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. President Trump’s nominee to be health secretary would have oversight power over the vaccine’s producer Merck if confirmed.
supervision of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
Has katt ever addressed the literacy rate / level among pupils these days?
Several chafed at his plans as President Trump enacted immigration measures affecting their countries and vowed to impose surcharges on Mexico and Canada.
Rachel you are deserving of so much better than this!!!! So proud of you for coming on here and sharing the real story! We love you and support you no essence what
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on chauffeurs entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his state.
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as duration goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
Hence this tool represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans H2O resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly practices and supporting economic development.
The statistics are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow record.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and outermost.
The Senate unanimously approved Mr. Rubio in the first vote on President Trump’s department selections.
However areas of these results to quantum engines have so far been limited to cases of slow operation.
Tour operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital digital hiatus” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification algorithms or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
The adviser to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced backers who thought they were helping to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
They also constructed an indecomposable -Hecke module whose image under the quasisymmetric quality is.
Humans are known to invent private hand signs. Chimps in the wild do too a new study suggests.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN dispatches while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (radiant) values.
I don’t think Katt is a bad dude but he’s one of those guys that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just brimming of having an enormous ego.
The mimic is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
I wish I had one of those black women on the boundary I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The ordinance went into effect on Sunday.
Marco Rubio told State Department employees that changes under Pharmfulsident Trump “are not meant to be destructive they’re not meant to be punitive.”
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and floatation lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
[2025-01-20] The development of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the brain.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal folk you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global health efforts — these choices put all of us at risk.
These results improve the modeling of extreme odds and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
A writer made a long journey much of it spent fighting through mud on a motorbike to reach the epicenter of a viral outbreak in Africa.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia praised President Trump’s second swearing-in but the American leader did not return the compliment.
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break identity Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hrs
How brilliant its original realm marines too and not the Primaris
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and design composition and programming.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan quarter aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural disparities religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
Ngl Katt didnt bring the aura
After a juvenile admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
We experimentally verify long-term phase solidity and unprecedented phase-reconstruction accuracy.
The destiny of the Israel-Hamas agreement will require huge effort.
theres a bug with the staff step sometimes during the wave issue to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
Airlines hope to meet the traveler demand for premium flying whether by offering more roomier seats in economy or upgrading higher-tier tiers.
However in the absence of population dynamics biological behaviours and life cycles the best predictive model appears to be Random plantations combined with Synthetic Negative Approach.
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input moment series in its output.
By splitting the schema between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this individual know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
Snowfall along the Gulf Coast is rare. So the powder on Tuesday inspired plenty of excitement and amusement.
In comparison to other boundaries our method enlarging the discriminator norm thus obtaining the smallest neighborhood size of the latent vector.
His ‘weaponization’ executive order begins with a list of misleading accusations against the Biden cabinet.
Final approval by the House sent the legislation which requires the confinement and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with crimes to President Trump’s desk.
Final consent by the House sent the legislation which requires the detention and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with crimes to President Trump’s desk.
We develop a mathematical approach that frameworkatically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
Donald Trump takes post.
Dave’s patriarch lived in Ohio and he would spend his time between DC and Ohio
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the focus of several examinations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball program thrive in the scary new realm of college sports.
His ‘weaponization’ executive order begins with a list of misleading accusations against the Biden presidency.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the software development routine.
This idea also generalizes the result of Gross Mansour and Tucker regarding partial duality in maps.
pederson was also involved in the WH40K episode of secret stage.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the document news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
The guy in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable dude rooting for him to get his 6 this seven days!
We have thus measured the rotate coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
Katt looking like he shouldve been a backdrop dancer in Bone Thug-N-Harmony Ghetto Cowboy music video.
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to fleets (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury clients.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Within this architecture for an appropriate variety over a field the higher Chow group corresponds to the 0-th Kato homology group.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant degree morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
In the worst-case analysis we show that our processes have a reduction ratio of more than when.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did a jot to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a community and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. evaluation latency or throughput to guide the search.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded locations vacations in cooler places and a strong interest in train travel will all be in play in the year ahead.
Eight years ago Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris environment agreement spurred a big time reaction that shaped the decade. Now it’s a different time.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy grid.
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House reporter for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its tractability.
Due to the device district being in remote areas satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
Four immigration court officials were removed from their positions on Monday. It’s unclear who is in charge at this point.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the film game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Started enjoyable all the way Katt went sage route again. Like he knows some shit that the rest of us dont know. get the F outta here
Four immigration court officials were removed from their positions on Monday. It’s unclear who is in at the helm at this point.
If evil can’t access you underwater then explain to me why fish attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
Among 18 stable (M = transition elemental; X = halogen) compounds we identify 9 auxetic monolayers with standing out for its exceptionally high NPR of -0.798.
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the presidency to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The law went into effect on Sunday.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect levies on imports. One trade expert said the move may be “more branding than substance.”
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized energy level bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
What a great fashion to start the morning! The Astartes Guy has not lost a step!
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field waves we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest zone was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his state.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black woman. I was in a lagoon and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
The extraordinary pardons and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent crimes on Jan. 6 including assaulting police authorities and seditious conspiracy.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in product classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant boundaries.
This scrutinize introduces a Residual-Aware Attention (RAA) Block and an equality-enhancing loss function to address these disparities.
Isolating U.S. businesses from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like agriculture and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field ripples we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral examples of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire fraud and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical wellness center with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function frameworks (IFS)-transformations.
We want to know how workers are processing President Trump’s judgment to end hiring practices meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA accuracy in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
Omg I’m stoked for the goats
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying runaways.
The administration will take steps to roll back federal support for racial equity and shields for transgender people.
A mass of air called the polar whirl has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate change.
Showcase your favorite design pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy boost that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
We experimentally verify long-term phase stability and unprecedented phase-reconstruction fidelity.
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian units last year have been held the country’s security service said.
Katt is a wizard; a genius I dont think we understand.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in evaluate of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
More than 30 hostages are set to be released during the cease-fire in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed feelings about the deal because they feel it came at a high fee.
In this proceedings the physics reach current status and future potential of SBND are discussed and early data is presented.
Yall should listen to a melody called secret war by K-Rino
Mr. Trump had the license to declare two emergencies. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
Same shite. Zombies is so dead now its such a shame. No substance how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the reality of a wide range of possible behaviours.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) congruence are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the society? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
The flux surface label must simultaneously satisfy the existence equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined overdetermined system.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of wit. Totally different but so similar.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field framework within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
15:12 pay mind to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
This technique not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical structures.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / strength consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
A couple bought a home in Palo Alto Calif. that was designed by an associate of Frank Lloyd Wright. Happily they were also smitten with the two-year restoration.
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous mapping defined on a domain we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type result holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a supper feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association scheme that promotes diversity. He also played down his role in the Benghazi investigation.
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some means even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural address eight years ago. Michael D. Shear a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains.
Her continuing to say she feels crazy or she doesn’t want to sound crazy is giving he was a narcissist…. I hope she gets her confidence and independence back. My heart cracks for her
Finally the Emperor’s morality is delivered!
For his latest Vuitton collection Pharrell Williams tapped his best bud Nigo to be co-creative helmsman. And Bernard Arnault made it back from the Trump inauguration to see it.
Summing over entities modulo we obtain an asymptotic formula for the negative second moment of involving conductors.
Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers asserted that they wanted President Trump to seek revenge on their behalf for being prosecuted in connection with the Jan. 6 disturbance.
Nancy Beck and Lynn Ann Dekleva worked in the first Trump administration where they fought toxic restrictions.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature picking and class determination with a graph neural network.
Ngl Katt didnt bring the feel
While dismissing instances judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
I’m hearing rumours that this appears’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Have you ever had a “missed connection” or a big deep attachment that slipped through your fingers? We want to hear about it.
He retooled the Young Lords into a militant propagation and service organization modeled after the Black Panthers. Based in Chicago it had chapters nationwide.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and anxiety and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
This manuscript introduces a framework based on multi-dimensional elasticity which enables the adaptive management of both infrastructure resources and data analytics requirements.
These new walkers maps just aint it keep going back to oldyz like revelations & BO2 maps..
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many instances before lol
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is structure optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
[2025-01-20] Many keypoint detection and description techniques have been proposed for image matching or registration.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim black aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
This is awesome. Some very real material was said but also a lot of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while cooking.
Activists are holding discussions to advise people about their legal rights and families have been drafting powers of attorney.
As the federation confronts a fast-approaching time without LeBron James Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant Victor Wembanyama has embraced the idea that he is the future.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency appraisals reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium traits of the bottomonium states of interest.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting clemency these actions provide useful indications into their true character.
Party loyalty remains strong even for nominees who go down. Pete Hegseth’s no different but the Trump age has strengthened it even more.
A story of hazy memories a reluctant rock star and a special day in 1973. Or was it 1974?
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also worry.
1000s of years of white humans not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
What really has me interested and even excited about it is the depiction of the OTHER 40k factions in this. Chaos marines Tau Orks. Well probably see the pointy eared assholes whining at the monkeighs to get off their craftworlds!
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional condition space models capable of learning functions on sequence data.
He’s making her feel as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a arrogant… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and warmth waves.
Boss battle looks so lame
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose comprehension demands precise control of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the vigor and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- thinking is ok but no need to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
In New York private restaurants in luxury towers are a popular amenity. The public cannot eat there and residents only pop in in occasionally.
am i the only one that gets annoyed at the manner Kat talks?
A rare winter storm dumped note amounts of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar domain perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
We asked leading authorities for the fact about probiotics elimination diets leaky gut and more.
8:19 I was doing this yesterday and it spawned me high up but not on the rock I just fell from a high stature and died
A rare winter storm dumped record volumes of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
The tomb is vanguard level ass lol worst blueprint in the game by far​ @demonslayr1408
[2025-01-20] In this dissertation we establish maximal function estimates Lebesgue differentiation theory Calder\on-Zygmund decompositions and John-Nirenberg inequalities for translation invariant Hausdorff contents.
A haven’t watched this yet but if this isn’t amazing am throwing myself out a window incredible Cedric style
A powerful cold snap storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to parts of Louisiana and Texas.
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see hes in his 90s rural gas station clerk time
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future improvement of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash stability of forces strategic behavior in experimental games.
The linked incorporates material properties and geometric factors including the cross-sections Poincar\e-Wirtinger and Korn constants.
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over people voicing valid criticism for a lazy map with no intro or outro cutscene... getting cods p out of your throat and do some critical contemplating ​@maxpoland3853
Additionally this framework facilitates the calculation of global phenomena such as information cascades using local information from small neighborhoods.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a refuge for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal potency is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
Why’s this meeting of assembly feel like a prophecy coming to pass
holy holy cow i cant wait to watch these two talk
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the setting I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
In this study we focus on duplication reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into omega baryon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
The expressions are equivalent to ADRC in the response from measurements and a slight approximation in the response from analogs.
Our pipeline reduced the statistics needed to reach the 0.85 AUC cutoff by 40% for AUROC and 30% for AUPRC while augmenting models with synthetic data improved AUROC by 57% and AUPRC by 68%.
The latest shutdowns means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
The shallow water equations primarily exist in two forms: the terms form and the conservative form.
This is the last chance there is to do things on soil. The earth is going to pass away. That’s not worldly that’s letting yourself experience what God created just for you.
In a new series the pop icon discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
He called every pitch of Sandy Koufax’s perfect game in 1965. After 10 seasons playing in the leagues he skippered the White Sox and the Mets.
Didnt see it in this footage or Tom Baileys... Over 350 cars probably wasnt filmed.
The long structures seen in manta rays and their kin function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking help in Stroud Ala. the law enforcement said. A man was charged with murder.
Games Workshop letting someones creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything interstellar marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making pigs fly or something.
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over people voicing valid criticism for a lazy map with no intro or outro cutscene... getting cods p out of your throat and do some critical ruminating ​@maxpoland3853
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her feelings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real guy.
With Merce Cunningham she forged one of the great partnerships in dance record. She later recounted those years in an incisive unsparing memoir.
Katt is a wizard; a ability I dont think we understand.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the town’s blanket of snow with joy but also concern.
It seems that a person cooked here.
Libya deported more than 600 men from Niger last month as North African states — financed by the European Union to tackle migration — have ramped up expulsions of sub-Saharan Africans.
In this study we focus on replication reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the incongruity of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive characteristics.
I hope this is good and I hope they will do Imperium honor with sym still working on it
Notably the screening masses of and exhibit a non-monotonic connection on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and shock.
permit gooooooooooooo. We need more awesome Warhammer media. For the EMPEROR!!!!!!
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between impartialness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
The president sought to end a program that allowed migrants fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the country for up to two durations.
This research explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
Republicans are defined today more by a single man than perhaps either party has been in decades even as the clock starts ticking on Donald Trump’s stint.
Other apps from the company behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this weekend before flickering back. The federal rule banning TikTok also applies to them.
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global health efforts — these deeds put all of us at risk.
How brilliant its original space troops too and not the Primaris
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in distinction to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Broooooo we got the yelly irish bloke in 40k. Space marine 2 playthrough when?
We also present ViViD-S a refined video try-on dataset achieved by filtering back-facing frames and applying 3D mask smoothing for enhanced temporal dependability.
Chilly thrillers snowy fantasies and Alpine escapism novels exquisitely capture the atmosphere of the season.
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you numerous of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of aspirations in soccer using event-level data from 3,433 matches across 21 leagues and competitions.
This approach not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical morphology.
Hollywood’s silence reveals the forms of our escalating conflict with China; we’re digesting the war on TikTok instead.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic behavior in experimental competitions.
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput distribution via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
Im just here for the ride challange i skipped every other car
For the diffeomorphism bunch of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
L. Brent Bozell III once a critic of President Trump now runs an organization that criticizes the media for perceived prejudice against Republicans particularly Mr. Trump.
At least 10 people have been killed in the raids and more than 40 wounded according to the Palestinian Health Ministry. Dozens have been arrested Palestinian officials told the Wafa news office.
President Trump’s public verbiage has focused on undocumented immigrants but the raft of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD representation rather than relying on an ansatz.
After the search large welcomed more ads from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
Existing work mainly focuses on enhancing performance through behavior cloning from stronger experts yet such approaches often falter in real-world applications mainly due to the impotence to recover from errors.
It’s time to require oil and gas organizations to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
Industrial growth the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s accelerate to become a developed economy.
The Senate unanimously approved Mr. Rubio in the first vote on President Trump’s cabinet appointments.
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time tunes industry bit player his lawyer and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the region’s beleaguered commercial sector.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency emptiness; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
We show that most of the LLM guidelines do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana resonance.
Theo was indeed feeling the intensity of this interview
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..intellect games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose support contains arises in this way as well as a category of finitely supported distributions with density.
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national safeguard adviser protection in 2021 after threats from Iran.
Additionally we present a rate-distortion-perception trade-off curve enabling adaptive decisions based on application-specific realism expectations.
As person who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For idiots guide.
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing facade limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
Snowboarding is the latest sport to embrace innovation as a judge at least partly at this week’s X Games.
Our method effectively improves the overall prediction accuracy and addresses the challenge of forecasting extreme temperature conditions events.
In this proceedings the physics reach current circumstance and future prospects of SBND are discussed and early data is presented.
President Trump signed an executive presidential decree on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
These conclusions emphasise the critical importance of careful LLM integration into ABMs for financial markets and more broadly.
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about exploitation does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
This assumption indeed results in the observed loss tangent manner.
The Times asked 35 experts to convey one health tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teenagers?
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and idealization to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth imbalance and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn testimony to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
A peak of 34.4 million populace tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV networks according to Nielsen.
[2025-01-20] The group recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social communication networks.
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day supervision center.
Caleb Rijos 14 was fatally stabbed on his way to school. The man who the authorities say is responsible has a long criminal record.
Two former New York City police officers and members of the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers were among the nearly 1,600 who received an extraordinary legal reprieve.
I told myself i would be doin this happening last year! This sux
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural prayer ceremony and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. community.
Many Instagram and Facebook users say they are confused about why they are seeing posts from the president and vice president in their newsfeeds. Here’s what to know.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD individual he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
“It took us a few minutes to accept that this pile of rubble was our house,” said Islam Dahliz whose family was ordered by Israeli forces to evacuate Rafah in May.
Well I guess I won’t be doing shit for the next two period
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the connection among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the relating generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
No approach you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hrs
[2025-01-20] Ground-based near-IR observations have revealed that Uranus anomalously hot higher atmosphere detected by Voyager 2 has been steadily cooling.
The fully integrated route chips have been designed and fabricated in a standard 65nm complementary metal oxide semiconductor process technology.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding units enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
Scaling distance marines to believable proportions is tricky but this nails it
curse he played her. why did the heck did he even go on the bachelor ugh
He’s making her grasp as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 uprising and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the disintegration norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Started enjoyable till Katt went sage route again. Like he knows some hogwash that the rest of us dont know. get the F outta here
The warning came one day after the administration ordered that diversity equity and inclusion efforts across the state be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
In reciprocate the Biden administration released an Afghan man convicted on narcotics charges in 2008.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a symbol that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and part (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the testicles comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
@AmericanLord Have you seen the material physics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on objects you get destructible tarps and flags and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
The shallow water equations primarily exist in two shapess: the variables form and the conservative form.
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there girl. You will come out on the other border better and brighter! I can’t wait to hear the follow up to this convo
A brilliant young mathematician becomes an adversary of the deep state in a paranoid new potboiler streaming on Apple TV+.
After the search giant welcomed more advertisementss from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The presence of these men??!! The bleeding heart revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
Mr. Puzder a former fast nourishment executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
The incoming White House chief of staff may well represent the thin demarcation between the president and disaster.
President Trump’s executive actions on emigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
She was way more into him than he was her and that destroys my heart for her
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association program that promotes diversity. He also played down his role in the Benghazi investigation.
Theo said Im a land canine
But yall stop asking these old folks bout departure!!!!
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in activity missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
The order is titled “Ending the Weaponization of the Federal Government,” but it asserts that the Biden administration might have acted illegally and directs bureaus to seek evidence.
The shot of those Predator tanks hauling dash and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
Notably the selection masses of and exhibit a non-monotonic dependence on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the council would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
These modifications are accompanied by an observable intensification in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te atoms.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces increase its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over people voicing valid criticism for a lazy plan with no intro or outro cutscene... getting cods p out of your throat and do some critical thinking ​@maxpoland3853
Invoking presidential emergency authorities gives the president the ability to go around Congress and unlock federal funding to crack down at the border.
Since the circumstances on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from event to event.
he knew nick the raper his full Nick
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best associate doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
Activists are holding meetings to advise people about their legal rights and relatives have been drafting powers of attorney.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their rough calculation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
He is tapping into a notion of a United States that is forever growing forever moving outward.
But yall stop asking these old folks bout demise!!!!
In contrast to previous studies using tabular information we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based models are the best choices.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an company that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Consequently any existing modulo reboot algorithm can be applied effectively.
Automakers and even some Republicans may fight to preserve resources and environmental activists will likely sue but some experts said that some changes may not survive legal challenges.
FIRSTBORN SPACE MARINES FOREVER. Who needs Primaris space soldiers?!
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her bonds. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
The fate of the Israel-Hamas treaty will require huge effort.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners corporations and even insurers for the losses.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations excursions in cooler places and a strong interest in train travel will all be in play in the year ahead.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor vacuum.
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose support contains arises in this way as well as a category of finitely supported distributions with density.
“You seem like a mythical figure “ “Yeah” lights joint
1:00 so is that a anarchy marine? I cant tell with that short amount of time it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
when i go into the dark aether to do the orb step i just fall to my death any technique to fix ?
Comrades of the YouTubius Chapter! To Battle!
XAI308K will be king coin bitcoin will not even be in the top 10 in 5 eras
The singer-songwriter speaks out about her troubled family narrative and reads a Modern Love essay about an estranged mother and daughter.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for refuge seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) harmony are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the spotlight of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Boxcar"the name of the airplane talking about at the national museum of the US Air Force
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the land’s security service said.
A yarn of hazy memories a reluctant rock star and a special day in 1973. Or was it 1974?
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an insubordination (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with size exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is ire I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the consistency of images to the whole document neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to bulletins.
Each type of noise is then used to train a separate convolutional neural network (CNN) design.
We asked experts if regular exposure to low levels of electromagnetic could be harmful to health.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior demonstration of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in adoration with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
A story of hazy memories a reluctant artist star and a special day in 1973. Or was it 1974?
What it takes to be a winner: 1hr 21min. This is my favorite Katt Williams meeting. It was so natural and real. @theo thank u. This is that gold i want to hear about
While the wages of victory in the region will be enormous the consequences of failure will be utterly hellish.
Eight years ago Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement spurred a big time fallout that shaped the decade. Now it’s a different time.
Theo…this was awesome! I love Katt Williams and I watch him on You Tube all the period! You and him definitely had a connection!
DNA evidence helped lead long-stymied inspectors to a suspect in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high school.
I reckon like it was the other way around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship zone. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
Existing work mainly focuses on enhancing accomplishment through behavior cloning from stronger experts yet such approaches often falter in real-world applications mainly due to the inability to recover from errors.
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall satisfaction of apparatus and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the eternity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor product of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding space of functions.
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple intervals in a span of 2 hrs
Findings: This study evaluated OpenAI o1 and five LLMs using 6,990 ophthalmological interrogations from MedMCQA.
Importantly we establish the being and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
Christian Zapata hit a man repeatedly after being called to help calm an autistic young adult. Mr. Zapata got into a confrontation with the man after the sergeant refused to wear a mask.
A sense of fun has characterized some of the most exciting outfits in the streets of New York this winter.
Yet forecasting models for ED inceptions to-date do not explore the utility of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
spectators worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
A peak of 34.4 million audience tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV networks according to Nielsen.
The world does not love Theo. I am here for Katt. Theo never thought that other people besides white people went to Heaven? WTH? Katt came on this present to MOCK Theo!!!!!!! LOL!
Youre everything wrong with modern human society
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either style it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal limits on involving the military in domestic military interventions and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal edict.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful companies.
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her fault the restaurant was a failure. Why do I feel guilty when food is bad and it’s a place I picked?!
A new book by the British cultural journalist Dorian Lynskey chronicles our centuries-old infatuation with doomsday scenarios.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the aims appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
The president’s Day 1 measures included directives that fly in the face of legal limits on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire embezzlement and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
Its about time brothers. He being unleashed the goat the fellow.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band concept -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
You can do everything on that roll of yours in 2025 with no fn sweat and your biggest problem in 2026 is... i gotta have a new list
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of individual who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the discrepancy between noticing women’s attractiveness and ogling them.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated types of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Tour operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a surroundings surrounded by nature.
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing modality spaces implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
In exchange the Biden administration released an Afghan man convicted on controlled substances charges in 2008.
Fantastic video really appreciate your work!
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and heat undulations.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable perceptions to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
By splitting the diagram between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
As being who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For idiots guide.
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same protection as any newborn toddler and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot photography equipment back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder
This proof refutes one of Langs conjectures [arXiv:2308.12281] which seeks to generalize the Erds Matching Conjecture.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different sphere. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever fond affectiond each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant distribution dimensions electromagnetic form factors charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language frameworks (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and nature.
We extensively study conditions for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral grid structures.
Really excited I’m grabbing some spheres in this egg
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor architecture.
[2025-01-20] This paper proposes a novel joint channel-estimation and source-detection algorithm using successive distortion cancellation (SIC)-aided generative score-based diffusion models.
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart handsets cameras etc.) is a challenge.
Consequently any existing modulo revival algorithm can be applied effectively.
This work represents the first combination of SoS programming with settling era bounds for finite-time stable systems.
These are two goods of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
[2025-01-20] In this treatise we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the capture of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s security service said.
After the inquiry giant welcomed more ads from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
Amazon JPMorgan and others have been telling their employees that remote occupation is over. Now federal employees have been ordered to come to work in person too.
She felt insecure because he made her feel that method right from the start. Life is about to get so much better for her
More precisely we first show that the velocity district corresponding to the free dynamics case is globally exponentially stable.
Bishop Budde locked eyes with President Trump and made a appeal for mercy — and the war over spiritual authority in America was ignited anew.
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry bit actor his lawyer and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the methodology [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
“If you could put anything in front of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your prospect to update the prenup.”
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating reinforcement learning (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative technique to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
President Trump immediately made major policy initiatives after taking office. Follow an issue that matters to you the most and then share your voice.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor element model.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his province.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal effect prediction.
Readers worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; girls’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
@weshouldtlk why pal’t you try to date him. You seem obsessed in all these comments. Do you have anything nice to say about her outside this whole relationship talk?
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated speech models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
President Trump made major policy actions immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international agreements promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
Thankyou bruh theo von yous a wild one muh dude
Our study contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new means of studying DL using fruitful metric space theory.
Some students and professors are questioning whether institution diversity equity and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
With a Turturro special appearance and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between device and human understanding.
We also present ViViD-S a refined footage try-on dataset achieved by filtering back-facing frames and applying 3D mask smoothing for enhanced temporal consistency.
These revelations emphasise the critical importance of careful LLM integration into ABMs for financial markets and more broadly.
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a morning care center.
i hate how theo conducts this podcast like an conversation and goes from question to question instead of a having a conversation and letting it flow.
Through a series of experiments we discovered that an effective startpoint in the sampling stage significantly enhances the style relocate process.
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the administration to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The law went into effect on Sunday.
Due to the equipment location being in remote areas satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
@Ijrruir liberty falls has the worst EE yet its most played map & completed EE. sob on.
Bishop Budde locked eyes with President Trump and made a plea for mercy — and the war over spiritual control in America was ignited anew.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future enhancement of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
With Merce Cunningham she forged one of the great partnerships in dance history. She later recounted those periods in an incisive unsparing memoir.
Hence this tool represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans water resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly methods and supporting economic development.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency examinations reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
It just two chill guys
However this transformation can drastically change the size of the scale and has complexity issues.
Four instructions about exercise from around the world.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their relation to this concept of focus.
Its about moment we have animated series for Warhammer newer generation always want a visual representation rather than a book and read
After the search giant welcomed more advertisements from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new episode with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
The president said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on products from Canada Mexico and China countries that together account for more than a third of U.S. commerce.
Libya deported more than 600 men from Niger last month as North African countries — financed by the European Union to tackle migration — have ramped up deportations of sub-Saharan Africans.
The runs are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion mass both fixed for all.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
In phycobilisomes potency transfer is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
Mr. William’s drip is kinda frosty the leather tassel jacket a bright ass yellow hat some thick straps and a random green shirt
President Trump’s first administration tried to implement a similarly sped-up approach for removing unauthorized immigrants but those efforts were hampered by federal courts.
Son Chang-wan was in office while renovations were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a plane crashed into a concrete barrier there killing 179 people.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard assignment.
Mayor Eric Adams of New York City a Democrat declined to say anything negative about Donald J. Trump’s early executive orders saying he would bring any reservations directly to the president.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of method data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
Ross Ulbricht was serving a life sentence for creating a site in a shady angle of the internet to sell heroin cocaine and other illicit substances.
These individuals are true star!
Katt looking like he shouldve been a scenery dancer in Bone Thug-N-Harmony Ghetto Cowboy music video.
Through defining a Kronecker result structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
[2025-01-20] Model optomechanical systems with photon-vibration interactions linear quadratic and cubic in mechanical displacements are studied under conditions for adiabatic elimination of the photon meadow.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained information that had not been made common.
Feeling stuck on this day’s puzzle? We can help.
Since is a Lagrangian submanifold we consider that a neighborhood of is embedded in the tangent cluster.
It is increasingly used in software engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software upgrading.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early trophy taking bragging rights for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the winner Apple TV show. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the demonstration of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
Instead of a departure the writer and helmer Matthew Gasda’s take on “Uncle Vanya” at the Brooklyn Center for Theater Research tends to adhere to the original.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - impaired and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
8:19 I was doing this yesterday and it spawned me high up but not on the precipice I just fell from a high height and died
Kat give me a fit split down.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why violences must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
Scroll down for hints and conversation about the conundrum for Wednesday Jan. 22 2025.
President Trump’s wave of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ capacity in fighting climate change.
Extensive evaluations show that our technique outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Covered windows peeling wallpaper: For the first span outside of Amsterdam an exhibition reconstructs Anne’s hiding place during the devastation of the Holocaust.
This intruiguing result is related to recent breakthroughs in graph limit theory.
@NothingButDanks agree about self tenderness... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
This word has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a expression?
The president’s second inauguration began with somber spectacle and ended with a reality-TV document signing.
States counties and cities across the U.S. have adopted measures to limit cooperation with immigration agents who seek to deport undocumented immigrants.
Katt is a spellcaster; a talent I dont think we understand.
Additionally we integrate the proposed heuristics into an implementation of the Feasibility Pump (FP) method demonstrating their utility and chance to enhance existing rounding strategies.
Some students and professors are questioning whether campus diversity equity and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the inclusivity.
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into recommendation process thereby improving the recommendation process.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius mechanism of the redundancy lattice.
Traditional methods of air superiority monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even companies for the losses.
These two joking about the nutcracker situation is exactly what I needed today Stay peaceful everyone
this is a sequel to syama pedersens "starte" filmmaking. its on youtube
Donald Trump’s pledge-filled address made him sound like a candidate trying to run up the score.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation model breakdowns.
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 onslaught on on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each wellspring are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
Industrial growth the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed economy.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in fondness with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
see this should have been the Show they made for the admirers
Experimental results demonstrate our instances substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the Rhino looking thing with the autocannon?
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s section of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
We also design the Ditto hardware a specialized hardware hastener fully exploiting the dynamic characteristics of the proposed algorithm.
The last surviving original member of the Band died on Tuesday. He was a master on keys and saxophones who could conjure a panoply of scenes and periods.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise management of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
This analysis explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the start of President Trump’s first period. No time frame was set for restoring it.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over considerer so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
President Trump’s wave of executive mandates yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting climate change.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting force in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
As the network moves around the coast it should bring a wintry mix of snow sleet and freezing rain to the Florida Panhandle.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in product categorisation and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
[2025-01-20] Neural information recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA performance in terms of exactitude and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
Im just here for the wheels challange i skipped every other car
His ‘weaponization’ executive order begins with a list of misleading charges against the Biden administration.
Holy holy moly! My fuckin favorite comedian ever and fuckin Theo von sitting at a table wtf. lol kat williams is the best. Thanks Theo.
However the progression of high-performance generative video detectors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
Early on....freudian slip by Theo when Katt asks him if he is feeling the pressure of the interview -- its clear he didnt do proper research to not know Dave Chapelle isnt originally from Ohio annnnnd Hiroshima - I mean good pain those are layup-level knowledge.
We want to know how employmenters are processing President Trump’s decision to end hiring practices meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity renderings of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
The full-scale assault by the conservative assault on liberal domination of the nation’s culture has begun to deliver key victories.
11:08 Thanks milo with your help i was able to successfully grab the parasites BALLS after their BALLS dropped and complete the phase. Appreciate the no-nonsense guide!
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic condition characterized by harm to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous system.
@teneightroundteneightround6675 He was laughing at his own giggling Shannon was blundered.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three spheres: visual art and design writing and programming.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative laborers in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
A record number of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era guideline were factors.
The singer guitarist and author released heralded music in the 1970s and early ’80s before retreating. The label Jazz Is Dead is boosting his rediscovery.
We experimentally verify long-term phase firmness and unprecedented phase-reconstruction accuracy.
Her trinkets creations were worn by celebrities like Rihanna and Beyoncé. She died weeks after emergency surgery following a skiing accident.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as choice bias into the causal effect estimate.
In particular the flavoured gauge bosons resulting from the deconstruction must lie in the proximity of the TeV scale thereby providing interesting phenomenology that can be probed at near future colliders.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of attachment she deserves and validation.
President Trump’s wave of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ function in fighting climate change.
He retooled the Young Lords into a militant advocacy and service federation modeled after the Black Panthers. Based in Chicago it had chapters nationwide.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field upheavals we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
KPL is designed to leverage CLIPs multimodal understandings for medical image categorise through Text Proxy Optimization and Multimodal Proxy Learning.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to mortality. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
The governance will take steps to roll back federal support for racial equity and protections for transgender people.
All 17 citizens who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless topology planning for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their forms in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
“Was it a partnership or ?”
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless moment of moment of resistance and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised arrangement with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
After the search giant welcomed more ads from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad fees for some nonprofits ballooned.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden hidden motives or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
Landon Horton makes his New York Times Crossword premiere.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s verdict was part of a lawsuit settlement.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic demeanor in experimental games.
A sense of play has characterized some of the most exciting outfits in the roads of New York this winter.
At longevity clinics people are shelling out for exhaustive medical tests and treatments like plasma swap and peptide therapy. How much does it benefit them?
This opening was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
PlotEdit outperforms existing baselines on the ChartCraft dataset across style layout format and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged customers and improving novice productivity.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and blueprint writing and programming.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia praised President Trump’s second inauguration but the American head of state did not return the compliment.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death rank.
when i go into the dark aether to do the orb step i just tumble to my death any way to fix ?
Ukrainian forces described a different kind of enemy fighting with unfamiliar tactics and little recourse to retreat.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the tale.
If evil can’t ingress you underwater then explain to me why shark attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
“Put a boombox on a nutsack…”
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of bend perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
The veteran English actress said that she now needed to attend public happenings with someone else because of her worsening macular degeneration.
I don’t think Katt is a bad dude but he’s one of those males that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just reeks of having an enormous ego.
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous function defined on a scope we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type result holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
We show that most of the LLM guidelines do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
As the system moves around the coast it should bring a wintry mix of snow sleet and freezing precipitation to the Florida Panhandle.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. President Trump’s nominee to be health secretary would have oversight power over the shot’s maker Merck if confirmed.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these men??!! The bleeding heart confidences paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
A mass of breath called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate change.
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice cane and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
This is ultimate cod guru sheez watched the live yestrday unreal what group info live in match + pro zombie exp can do
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the difference between noticing women’s loveliness and ogling them.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature energy spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Yo dudes on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s executive orders on migration trade and other problems.
In phycobilisomes energy transmission is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
The court instructed an relook court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
Girl the best affair that could happened to you is ending this silently toxic relationship. Get your self esteem back and live your best life
We designed simulation environments and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world layout data.
President Trump’s wave of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ post in fighting climate change.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the article news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
genetic material evidence helped lead long-stymied detectives to a suspect in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high school.
[2025-01-20] Let be a prime let be a finite group of order divisible by and let be a arena of characteristic.
Its like theo cant accept or believe any approbation form katt
[2025-01-20] In the celebrated work of Friesecke James and M\"ller 06 the authors derive a ranking of models for plates by carefully analyzing the -convergence of the rescaled nonlinear elastic energy.
Prior work on SC has relied on assumptions that agents are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their advantages.
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about bondage system does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
[2025-01-20] Pristine polycrystalline boron-doped diamond electrodes (BDDEs) -- microcrystalline (B-MCDE) and ultrananocrystalline (B-UNCDE) were applied for the electrochemical decrement of several selected purine nucleotides -- Guanosine 5-monophosphate (GMP) 2-Deoxyguanosine 5-monophosphate (dGMP) Adenosine 5-monophosphate (AMP) Adenosine 5-diphosphate (ADP) Adenosine 5-triphosphate (ATP) and pyrimidine nucleotides -- Cytidine 5-monophosphate (CMP) Thymidine 5-monophosphate (TMP) as well as low-molecular-weight double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) at very negative potentials via linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
The results suggest that higher depth expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the curse of dimensionality.
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there miss. You will come out on the other side better and brighter! I can’t wait to hear the follow up to this convo
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio inputs and trained on permissively licensed music information.
Pamela Hemphill 71 of Boise Idaho who served 60 days in prison said it would be “an insult to the Capitol Police” if she accepted the reprieve.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of blokes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
Additionally we present a rate-distortion-perception balance curve enabling adaptive decisions based on application-specific realism needs.
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a predicament of emergency over a cold snap expected in his state.
The expiration of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant pursuits.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has points with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Its amazing what a black I cannot provide a list of synonyms for the word "guy" in this context. can say and get away with that a white person cant
I live just down the road from lead contamination city and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab way too expensive!.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest locality was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his state.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any rewards from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common soil..nothing wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
I love Theo making the wisecrack it’s “Kat William” singular instead of plural even though no one ever laughs
Katlas Williams might have been better. Map Williams was good in the second though
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation ordinary the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Travelers are interested in how their footprint affects the residents of the places they are visiting. The travel industry is responding.
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic areas by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the criterion [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of figures collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
In exchange the Biden administration released an Afghan guy convicted on narcotics charges in 2008.
That was a holy shit split second. If anyone deserves that it is Theo Von.
However this transformation can drastically change the size of the input and has complexity problems.
The full-scale assault by the conservative movement on liberal domination of the nation’s mores has begun to deliver key victories.
Traditional methods of vapor quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
The president wants to honor a predecessor William McKinley by returning his return to North America’s highest peak. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
The president wants to honor a predecessor William McKinley by returning his name to North America’s highest peak. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire peculation and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like husbandry and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s distress and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG procedure and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or regularization differences.
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face drawbacks due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
Our evaluation on three datasets two underlying LLMs three baselines and several ablation tests based on the components of RACCOON demonstrate the advantage of RACCOON.
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that motorcar so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one segregation has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Getting married isnt bad its the state being apart of the marriage so they can get money out of it
She said it wasn’t anything he did to make her feel insecure or that she was some “follower” but he never did anything to make her not feel that way!
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow revolve phase.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the fact of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Lets go!!!! I had been waiting on this unique
I love that buckskin blazer Katt you read my mind! Keep it real.
Camouflage living thing scenic — oh my!
The decision follows a constitutional court ruling that barred discrimination against toddlers born into single-parent families.
Consequently any existing modulo recovery process can be applied effectively.
The whirlwind brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and challenges to a city unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking sketch. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a state of disaster over a cold snap expected in his state.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause woguys never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first epoch in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
Finer-CAM is easy to implement compatible with various CAM methods and can be extended to multi-modal models for accurate localization of specific models.
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new head of state is a worrying sign for our economy.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different universes and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
At least 10 people have been killed in the raids and more than 40 wounded according to the Palestinian Health Ministry. Dozens have been arrested Palestinian officials told the Wafa news ministry.
I don’t think Katt is a bad bloke but he’s one of those guys that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just reeks of having an enormous ego.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large idiom models.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat human like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 individuals of far-right groups.
Its still worth the watch but its like going into a show already knowing the ending...
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing style pairs implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
She felt insecure because he made her feel that way right from the commence. Life is about to get so much better for her
He’s making her understand as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
A peak of 34.4 million viewers tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV networks according to Nielsen.
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have summoner of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
This is the chillest program cast Ive seen in a while and Im only 10 mins in.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in dissension to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration universe affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR perception performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form factors charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole periods.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball initiative thrive in the scary new world of college sports.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th era. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the way.
In this paper we investigate phantom sounds of the Whisper ASR model induced by non-speech audio segments present during inference.
The lawsuit to block the head’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal folks you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
An adobe home in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style mansion in Missoula.
Many roadways were impassable classes were canceled in local schools and many businesses could not open as a winter storm essentially brought New Orleans to a deadlock.
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
She really seems like the sweetest girl. My heart hurts for her. I just want her to get her composure back and thrive.
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages assertions about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating forerunner cores representing the vast majority of possible events.
Scaling space warriors to believable proportions is tricky but this nails it
theres a bug with the staff step sometimes during the wave bug to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in bond with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted stillbirth receive the same protection as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different existence. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
During her Senate confirmation examination President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
Katt is very intelligent I think this ninja read all them volumes lmao
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s employment secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless briefness of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and explore restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
Industrial growth the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed industry.
The view of Jeff Bezos Mark Zuckerberg and others at President Trump’s swearing-in was another sign of how business is adapting to a new Washington.
Best conversation of the year already Katt did best interview with Shay last year Now with Theo von
16:53 “-of this Interview??“ Theo damn well IS feeling the burden of the interview too
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce answers that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
A memo asserts that state and local bureaucrats are bound to cooperate and could face criminal prosecution or civil penalties if they fail to comply.
am i the only solitary that gets annoyed at the way Kat talks?
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler destinations and a strong interest in train travel will all be in play in the year ahead.
Scientific meetings were canceled and analysis data on the bird flu outbreak was delayed amid confusion over the directive.
President Trump began the first hours of his second administration by signing dozens of the decrees.
This fellow nails grimdark just as i imagined it as a kid so so excited for this
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal outcome estimate.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
What a great way to start the morning! The Astartes Guy has not lost a stride!
Katt is so calm. Its actually so refreshing but also uncomfortable that he doesnt fluctuate his force. Inspirational. Goals tbh
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy inns are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the alias of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
There’s a mightiness imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
How can you make a blueprint on how to do it when you’ve not even done it yourself
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The duo’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
It has the advantage of simplicity as indemnification is done using a low inductance coil that can be straightforwardly driven at the relevant frequencies (1 kHz).
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a matter.
We extensively study conditions for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in designs of integral lattices.
@bobaque70 they rright. Cleets vidya just said.. James reaction was 1.009 over a second so he got the 1sec penalty
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the consistency of representations to the whole document neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to news.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the afternoon it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the people who missed the first indications.
How plugged in does Druski have to be for him to have known Katt knew who Theo was. He said so on his installment of the podcast when Theo said he’d like to have Katt on.
A account of hazy memories a reluctant rock star and a special day in 1973. Or was it 1974?
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the raft of new edicts he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time array response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic condition characterized by harm to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous system.
carriage"the name of the plane talking about at the national museum of the US Air Force
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came periods later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the statement outside the Justice Department adding that it contained information that had not been made public.
Theo is gonna copy his dad no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was tot. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
KPL is designed to leverage CLIPs multimodal understandings for medical image categorizations through Text Proxy Optimization and Multimodal Proxy Learning.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking help in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A guy was charged with murder.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important status in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her fault the eatery was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when food is bad and it’s a place I picked?!
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust display analysis.
Spun twice second occasion. Got the ice staff
With these we offer various viewpoints and actionable recommendations in this area.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the dedication from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential aggregation that mixed rock r&b and an Americana sound.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary boundary definition and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
For “Flight Risk,” his first expedition as a director in nearly a decade the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking center stage.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron luminary (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this installment up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication methods.
How you have 100 bathing shorts of swimshorts but never been in the ocean joe rogan
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic pattern in experimental games.
[2025-01-20] Lee and Seung (2000) introduced numerical solutions for non-negative matrix segmentation (NMF) using iterative multiplicative update algorithms.
Extensive experimental findings are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid numerous of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
This intruiguing result is related to recent developments in graph limit doctrine.
In this treatise we investigate the criteria for the semistability of the restriction of onto the components of when is given to be semistable with respect to a polarization.
North American car companies have operated across borders for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and cost jobs in the short conduct analysts say.
Public health experts say U.S. withdrawal from the W.H.O. would undermine the community’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a folk pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
This work represents the first combination of SoS programming with settling time bounds for finite-time stable structures.
These new zombies maps just aint it keep going back to oldyz like discoveries & BO2 maps..
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA efficiency in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected titular for the first time in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
You can do everything on that list of yours in 2025 with no fn sweat and your biggest problem in 2026 is... i gotsweat have a new list
They essentially reinitialize the canonical ordering allowing investigation beyond obstacles.
Finer-CAM is easy to implement compatible with various CAM methods and can be extended to multi-modal methods for accurate localization of specific concepts.
In this paper we investigate hallucinations of the Whisper ASR system

Answer the question using a comma separated list and remove any extraneous information. An example output for a sentence will be [item1 induced by non-speech audio segments present during inference.
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very strategy.
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national security consultant protection in 2021 after threats from Iran.
A growing number of tour operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned travels with a new emphasis on making friends.
Now when you say "mask" that doesnt just exclusively mean "ale" right? "rotherhoo" always actually referred to all genders right?
You definitely need Katt back. Best comedy team podcast! Genuine laughter between them is best part.
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal restrict of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
You can do everything on that compendium of yours in 2025 with no fn sweat and your biggest problem in 2026 is... i gotta have a new list
The first woman to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a communication for President Trump during his first term too.
The decision leaves refugees who have completed a lengthy journey stranded abroad and facing extended separation from loved ones already in the U.S.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the effect of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife obligation without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
theres a bug with the staff process sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
President Trump’s executive edict seeking to end birthright citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into effect.
This formulation also generalizes the result of Gross Mansour and Tucker regarding partial duality in charts.
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth physics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on objects you get destructible tarps and pennons and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
In this study we present an analytical tactic to accurately calculate the mode shapes and resonance frequencies of these cantilevers including higher-order modes then we derive the modal sensitivity.
Libertarian and crypto allies of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a life sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road internet site leveraged President Trump’s desire for political support to secure his release.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting vitality in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
If 6 year ago Theo could see where he is at now… congrats. Gang team
Your movies are always so helpful thank you!
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes motion picture) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
He really showed what a scumbag moron racist he is with that "hites a minority in Heave" dead prank. That went down like a lead balloon. Guys a weirdo.
She really seems like the sweetest girl. My heart hurts for her. I just want her to get her aplomb back and thrive.
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era treaties with police departments that engaged in discrimination or violence.
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning radiation on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black fissures.
EVIDENCE outperformed other Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) techniques such as LIME SHAP and GradCAM in almost all metrics.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 contributed.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome animations using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
He really showed what a scumbag moron racist he is with that "hites a minority in Heave" dead joke. That went down like a lead float. Guys a weirdo.
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see seems in his 90s rural gas station clerk era
Coming from a single mother household my sister and i grew up with "V <mask". The Winslows Phillip Banks The Tanners the list goes on....
masses of people began registering their marriages at a mall in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few places in Asia to legalize same-sex unions.
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era agreements with police bureaus that engaged in discrimination or violence.
Automakers and even some Republicans may fight to preserve money and environmental activists will likely sue but some experts said that some changes may not survive legal challenges.
Its stability and convergence relay on a new uniform boundary observability property with regard to the discretization parameter.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational surges which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
Weve been eating good these past few period
A student opened flames inside Antioch High School shooting two other students and then himself the authorities said. A female student and the shooter were killed officials said.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs result across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthattention has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
Theo necessories and wants good men around him that help look out for him be present for him and help to guide him well. They can be any age yet they need to be solid from the heart
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetic force and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
“How you gon let a whole city burn down but you ain’t let a brother smoke a mint Joe Rogan? ”
We designed simulation settings and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map data.
[2025-01-20] The collection recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social networks.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression frameworks and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
theres a bug with the staff stage sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
In this paper we further explore the foundational structure of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
We clarify the proposed phase transition is an illusion caused by confusion between different states.
States counties and cities across the U.S. have adopted policies to limit cooperation with immigration officials who seek to deport undocumented immigrants.
The admonition came one day after the administration ordered that diversity equity and inclusion efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold room for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated altercation of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
Existing task mainly focuses on enhancing performance through behavior cloning from stronger experts yet such approaches often falter in real-world applications mainly due to the inability to recover from errors.
Dude when theo tries to normalize instructors tickling and kat looks at the camera Lol
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link quality prophesy particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
Hundreds of folk began registering their marriages at a mall in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few places in Asia to legalize same-sex unions.
An adobe abode in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style house in Missoula.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum [continuum and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
Hundreds of people began registering their marriages at a mall in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few places in Asia to legalize same-sex marriages.
Naw not even close. The moments aren’t the entertaining part of Cleet’s videos.
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm sequences is produced.
Yo blokes on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone collections in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
Through extensive evaluations we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a multiformity of dimensions and differential equations.
Two applications of the grouping to contact Riemannian geometry and CR geometry are also given.
In phycobilisomes energy transfer is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to sameness.
Efficient grouping of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
Hundreds of people began registering their marriages at a mall in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few places in Asia to legalize same-sex partnerships.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely laugh at other folk jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
The full-scale assault by the conservative movement on liberal domination of the nation’s way of life has begun to deliver key victories.
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong outflow sources originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its commander back in ancient times.
Theo making Katt break multiple repeatedly is
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the divide between noticing women’s attractiveness and ogling them.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy method. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Ngl Katt didnt bring the energy
The shallow water equations primarily exist in two representationss: the variables form and the conservative form.
Industrial augmentation the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed economy.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll period.
This. Girl. YOU were the superstar
In phycobilisomes energy relocation is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact rule for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
Syama finally getting to make something after his recognition in And They Shall Know No Fear sercet phase episode
Wiser about the use of power the newly sworn-in president suggests that this time he will not take no for an reply whether in enacting an ambitious domestic agenda or in his expansionist worldview.
they should let this guy be Henrys right sidekick man for the cinematic universe
Additionally the consequences indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA performance in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the circumstance since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the software growth process.
Lol this dude likes to think that hes it. Hes an dimwit.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the environment with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid materials tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball scheme thrive in the scary new world of college sports.
The request “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
We illustrate this rapport and compare our stopping boundaries to those derived in the classical setting.
A growing number of tour travel agents are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned trips with a new emphasis on making friends.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock collisions with the TR.
Villainizing blokes without hearing their side is wild. Not surprising considering how social media constantly caters to y’all at our expense
It’s so cool seeing Theo make Katy laugh so genuinely. truly a pro expert of the craft.
In a whirlwind of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
Space Marines guy finally let free!!
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our prototypes superior imputation performance and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the charges “false.”
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the urban center’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
We also find a universal rapport between the dimensionless moment of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first legislation to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the fact of the attack on the Capitol.
The company said those results were buoyed by programming in recent seasons that exceeded internal expectations.
All 17 humans who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
Son Chang-wan was in office while works were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a plane crashed into a concrete barrier there killing 179 humans.
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing methods showcasing its potential for downstream tasks like protocol creation and code automation.
so many of you did not believe ye of such little allegiance
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical energy.
To train our EndoChat we construct the Surg-396K dataset through a novel pipeline that systematically extracts surgical information and generates structured annotations based on collected large-scale endoscopic operation datasets.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable advanced time series length.
@ggallenfdg that part always makes me laugh as well as when he says “that’s a black Kat Williams” like the original original is white ‍‍
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence numbers which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
Four teachings about exercise from around the world.
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to occasional work. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret level and finally gave my man some budget
Scaling space marines to believable size is tricky but this nails it
So defo retributions scythes of the emperor Raptor??? Some offspring of sanguinius And one other
Chilly thrillers snowy fantasies and Alpine adventure novels exquisitely capture the atmosphere of the quarter.
Automakers and even some Republicans may fight to preserve funds and environmental activists will likely sue but some experts said that some revisions may not survive legal challenges.
The feature extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of focus and the specific feature in question.
[2025-01-20] Many keypoint detection and description methods have been proposed for photograph matching or registration.
There aint no effing manner! Lets go Theo mfing Von!!!!
Donald Trump takes position.
The nation’s politics are going to change in President Trump’s second term — though we don’t yet know how.
The results show that both links experience considerable degradation due to interference at different center levels.
The ballerina is leaving the organization in February after 25 years. She will dance the lead in “Firebird” in her final program.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original trailer into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs flows to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
If Katt Williams said to me “people like you and I” I wouldn’t recline for three days!! Theo looks so happy loving this and only 15mins in
The bound incorporates material properties and geometric factors including the cross-sections Poincar\e-Wirtinger and Korn invariants.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying breakouts.
É Isso que eu chamo de felicidade acordar e se deparar com um anuncio do kct de uma nova animação de Astartes! Obrigado aos gents envolvidos vcs fizeram meu dia mais feliz
Unions had gained a foothold in one of the organization’s warehouses in the province though Amazon would not say if there was a connection.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant grade morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of centuries of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
Rachel you are deserving of so much better than this!!!! So proud of you for coming on here and sharing the real chronicle! We love you and support you no matter what
“If you could put anything in primary of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the leadership’s plans.
These entities are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network planning for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of kin until they die and watching that
This is what Ive been holing out for Comedy without unapologeticness letem roll boys yeehaw yall !
Coming from a single mother household my sister and i grew up with "mask> familie". The Winslows Phillip Banks The Tanners the list goes on....
Showcase your favorite artwork pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
Im just here for the automobile challange i skipped every other car
In a torrent of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
It is optimal in the sense that the nonlinear ideal cannot be defined in the space-time distribution framework for's <1.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s choice was part of a lawsuit settlement.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the self-absorbed of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the morning it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the community who missed the first signs.
The British defense secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second time in a few months.
Since is a Lagrangian submanifold we consider that a vicinity of is embedded in the tangent bundle.
I love the freakings details like the bands holding the heavy bolter. Like the marineshave the strength to hold it but with a strap on they can focus their strength in aiming the thing even more ! fuckign amazing.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling mortification over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of shrinking performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential band that mixed rock r&b and an Americana sound.
Katt is my favorite comedian with George Carlin. Impactful people. Thanks for that second.
President Trump issued a raft of executive orders that effectively block migrants from entering the United States and applying for haven of safety closing off major legal channels for immigration.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 flash fiction.
We also deployed our hydrophone in a wave flume to evaluate its applicability for underwater measurement and communication.
The toe dancer is leaving the company in February after 25 years. She will dance the lead in “Firebird” in her final program.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected non-elected for the first time in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of decades of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
Hilary Mantel’s “The Mirror and the Light,” a new “Bridget Jones” and Michael Bond’s Paddington Bear succession are some of this year’s most anticipated adaptations.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the responsibility from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
DNA evidence helped lead long-stymied detectives to a suspect in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high academy.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a trajectory and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a afternoon care center.
Final approval by the House sent the bills which requires the detention and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with crimes to President Trump’s desk.
Holy geez! My fuckin favorite comedian ever and fuckin Theo von sitting at a table wtf. lol kat williams is the best. Thanks Theo.
In a flurry of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential power from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some reversal problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood spattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Also our grey matters dont know the difference between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no kind their structural loss or regularization differences.
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the end bought a tear to my look. Really beautiful stuff.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a lot of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big beam i had listening to this while cooking.
Her jewelry creations were worn by celebrities like Rihanna and Beyoncé. She died weeks after emergency procedure following a skiing accident.
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your heritage... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
Experimental results show that CMR significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models in multi-party exchange response tasks.
@kennethpowers8995 The turbo didn’t come with the car they bought it from Precision as a reman part paid $700 for it which was the price listed at the Precision booth.
We designed simulation environments and conducted radiation tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map data.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the damages.
President Trump signed several executive orders in ahead of his supporters at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
Wiser about the use of power the newly sworn-in president suggests that this time he will not take no for an answer whether in enacting an ambitious domestic list or in his expansionist worldview.
Nancy Beck and Lynn Ann Dekleva worked in the first Trump administration where they fought chemical prohibitions.
YOU SEE US WARHAMMER!! YOU SEE HOW MUCH PEOPLE LOVE THIS!! This fantastic is and has always been phenomenal I need this to come out faster!!
In a new series the superstar star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
The commander-in-chief wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review people familiar with his thinking said.
This is the chillest pod episode Ive seen in a while and Im only 10 mins in.
Oh Rachael its your spot to take the spotlight!
We extensively study conditions for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in conditions of integral lattices.
The trait extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of interest and the specific feature in question.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind spirit girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for time!!!
This brings me no end of bliss. I couldn’t love Theo more if I tried
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and uploads that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant state with that short amount of time it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
Pamela Hemphill 71 of Boise Idaho who served 60 days in prison said it would be “an slighting to the Capitol Police” if she accepted the pardon.
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison incarceration the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with Jan. 6.
Republicans will be able to win approval of President Trump’s top picks if they remain united but they are frustrated by Democratic approaches.
Conclusions: This study evaluated OpenAI o1 and five LLMs using 6,990 ophthalmological questions from MedMCQA.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. statement as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the requirements under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early trophy taking acclaim for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth physics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on objects you get destructible tarps and streamers and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other aspects considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a lawsuit settlement.
The decision leaves refugees who have completed a lengthy process stranded abroad and facing extended disunion from loved ones already in the U.S.
The lawsuit to block the president’s executive petition is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive velocities really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
A mass of wind called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate change.
At longevity clinics people are shelling out for exhaustive medical assessments and treatments like plasma exchange and peptide therapy. How much does it benefit them?
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar notion called ``noisy share.
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s schemes.
Domestic airfares are on the surge economy hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
However the progress of high-performance generative video detectors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
The direct request to President Trump on the first full day of his term was a remarkable moment at a National Cathedral event that traditionally has not been political.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal effect calculation.
Other apps from the company behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this weekend before flickering back. The federal regulation banning TikTok also applies to them.
A peak of 34.4 million people tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV stations according to Nielsen.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport assault appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by violence and genocide investigators said.
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting judgment trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
Katt Williams is unstable give it time he will turn on theo and weaponise this podcast theo was walking on eggshells around this person
The last surviving original member of the Band died on Tuesday. He was a master on keys and saxophones who could conjure a panoply of settings and eras.
While much about the threatened tariffs is still unclear experts predict they would be bad news for all three economies with few winners.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to present if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Doug Collins chosen by President Trump to lead the Veterans Affairs Department does not have a traditional résumé for V.A. secretary but he fits the mold of a Trump follower.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth reconciliation with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar idea called ``noisy allocation.
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the forecast sets -- can only be assessed at test time.
At longevity clinics people are shelling out for exhaustive medical examinations and treatments like plasma exchange and peptide therapy. How much does it benefit them?
Theo needs to join the pug group
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored domain of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
Snow and cold temperatures hitting a broad zone of the region also disrupted travel via rails and roadways.
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous function defined on a domain we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type output: outcome holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at risk in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you moment after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to current on your content.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish maximal function estimates Lebesgue differentiation theory Calder\on-Zygmund resolutions and John-Nirenberg inequalities for translation invariant Hausdorff contents.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black female. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
In his long-running Village Voice comic strip and in his many plays and screenplays he took delight in skewering politics relationships and human essence.
The extraordinary pardons and reprieves extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent crimes on Jan. 6 including assaulting police officers and seditious conspiracy.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central entities and their relation to this concept of center.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a coefficient of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
Theo needs to join the canine club
Fantastic video really appreciate your diligence!
The announcement came shortly after President Trump rescinded Biden-era sanctions on Israeli settlers and Jewish radicals raided Palestinian villages in protest against the cease-fire in Gaza.
He doesn’t deserve her. She’s fashion too good for him! What a loser! She deserves so much happiness!
Can we all just appreciate the fact that Katt doesn’t like to do conversations and here he is hanging out with Theo. I love it.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the simulation trained only with 21 CT volumes 672 masks and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and investigations their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you continually after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
Due to the device location being in remote regions satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Endeavors: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Cant delay anymore,give us now. !!
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the custody facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto high heels cowboy hats Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected network we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Its about juncture we have animated series for Warhammer newer generation always want a visual representation rather than a book and read
Covered windows peeling wallpaper: For the first time outside of Amsterdam an presentation reconstructs Anne’s hiding place during the devastation of the Holocaust.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an establishment that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
After smoothing these configurations via the gradient flow method we numerically confirm that the topological charge has a fractional amount.
Through a series of experiments we discovered that an effective startpoint in the sampling phase significantly enhances the style transfer process.
Katt interviewed by mediocre white comedians is always going to be awkward
Thanks for your susceptibility Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the presence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
See..Katt didn’t really mean that sh*t on shay… he does think some of Joe’s buddies are funny
We clarify the proposed phase transition is an semblance caused by confusion between different configurations.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her emotions insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
The administration will take steps to roll back federal support for racial equity and protections for transgender humanity.
The firing of those Predator tanks hauling ass and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the consistency of images to the whole manuscript neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to news.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive broadcasting even in challenging environments.
I love the freakings details like the straps holding the heavy bolter. Like the marineshave the power to hold it but with a strap on they can focus their strength in aiming the thing even more ! fuckign amazing.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his occupation. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens mechanism for it.
What a load of rubbish. He’s a catch in more ways than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and fun. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
Extensive appraisals show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in product classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering assignments outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
I miss the old days of masses spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input instant series in its output.
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link quality forecasting particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal might is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
[2025-01-20] We establish Bernstein-type inequalities for the quantum quantum mechanics introduced by K.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The institutions’s decision was part of a lawsuit settlement.
see GW this is what we want Grimdark Firstborn proper accurate cosmos marine wars against alien and heretic!
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform audio able to restore hour-long audio inputs and trained on permissively licensed music data.
Christian Zapata hit a man repeatedly after being called to help calm an autistic teenager. Mr. Zapata got into a showdown with the man after the sergeant refused to wear a mask.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword gore with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
@CccKkkk-f4j your username almost spells "mask". you have no room to talk liberal lol
The message President Trump sent in his inaugural message and the actions he took in his first hours.
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the consistency of pictures to the whole document neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to news.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion pathway that independently deletes each bit with probability.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad extent of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her sentiments. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
His ‘weaponization’ executive order begins with a assertions of misleading accusations against the Biden administration.
you can burn down a whole burg but you cant have a newport... damn theo
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a douche and I was right. He seems like a narcissist and the reason she got so worked up about the cafe is because she knows how he is
Ezra Klein and Aaron Retica discuss the oligarchic power dynamics of the second Trump governance.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of affection she deserves and validation.
Other apps from the firm behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this weekend before flickering back. The federal law banning TikTok also applies to them.
Scientific meetings were canceled and research data on the bird flu outbreak was delayed amid bewilderment over the directive.
President Trump made major policy actions immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international agreements promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of crimes and commuted the amnesty of 14 members of far-right groups.
1:00 so is that a chaos Space? I cant tell with that short amount of time it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
Consequently we have no direct unrestricted entry to a calibration set to apply a classical CP method.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the programs development process.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and assessments their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
Legal specialists said the president was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the brutal honesty of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s clemency of those convicted of crimes that day.
Additionally we present a rate-distortion-perception trade-off curve enabling adaptive determinations based on application-specific realism needs.
We designed simulation environments and conducted ray tracing tests using Wireless InSite with real-world map data.
@luxmunk i feel like theo was on his best behavior this conversation because he knows kat is genuine
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal regret,” admitting for the first time to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
See..Katt didn’t really mean that sh*t on shay… he does think some of Joe’s acquaintances are funny
[2025-01-20] In this manuscript we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive characteristics.
Staff members overseeing diversity equity and inclusion pursuits were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and intersection of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
Officials are warning of the dangers of charcoal monoxide poisoning and fires.
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her error the restaurant was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when food is bad and it’s a place I picked?!
Each style of noise is then used to train a separate convolutional neural network (CNN) model.
These new zombies maps just aint it keep going back to oldyz like disclosures & BO2 maps..
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal energy is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
Why is Mark Zuckerberg image here. Ohh ohh geez you have genius here.
[2025-01-20] For a code in a space with maximal gap we say that has symmetric distances if its distance set is symmetric with respect to $n / 2$.
when i go into the dark space to do the orb step i just fall to my death any way to fix ?
[2025-01-20] We study the spectra of non-selfadjoint first-order operators on the interval with non-local point exchanges formally given by $i+V+k,$.
Theo needs and wants good men around him that sustain look out for him be present for him and help to guide him well. They can be any age yet they need to be solid from the heart
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball program thrive in the scary new world of institution sports.
Katt is now the creepy uncle. I honestly dont disdain with his demeanor at all leaning into the sophisticated reddit persona to much for me anymore.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between equity and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric appearance applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective old-fashionedness only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without demand of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio inputs and trained on permissively licensed music data.
The president’s executive orders show us where situations are headed.
From national safeguard to home insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate adaptation policies in important ways.
“You seem like a mythical figure “ “Yeah” gleams joint
@Ijrruir liberty falls has the worst EE yet its most played diagram & completed EE. cry on.
OpenAI Oracle and SoftBank formed a new joint venture called Stargate to invest in statistics centers building on major U.S. investments in the technology.
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this hard work focusing on the usability productivity and overall satisfaction of tools and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the document outside the Justice Department adding that it contained information that had not been made public.
I don’t understand Kats esoteric but also Christian view on living. It’s seems he knows Jesus is God but doesn’t quite strive to live it. Idk
Also our cerebrums dont know the difference between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
Stop protecting him hes a shit human being. Chin up and you are SO better off. You will realize all of your feelings are valid and you WILL see hes a manipulative person. All of your dreams will come true...with out him. Stay strong
In this paper we focus on partition and almost disjoint properties of these ideas.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their contours in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA performance in dependability of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time concatenation response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
For “Flight Risk,” his first expedition as a director in nearly a decade the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking center stage.
We asked experts if regular exposure to low amounts of radiation could be harmful to health.
[2025-01-20] Ground-based near-IR observations have revealed that Uranus anomalously hot superior atmosphere detected by Voyager 2 has been steadily cooling.
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her feelings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a turmoil around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-cyclic groups for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct sum of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
W Theo for this teaming love from New Zealand
Notably the aperiodic LAZ sequence sets also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang bound marking the first erection in the literature.
small Shall Escape Our Wrath! For The Emperor!
Our manual scrutiny of the state-of-the-art approaches indicates that 11 logic bugs are detectable only by CODDTest.
I hope Theo asks out the airport lass. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
Katt Williams is the fellow who is.
Katlas Williams might have been better. Map Williams was good in the instant though
audience react to President Trump’s Inaugural Address his clemency toward Jan. 6 rioters and more. Also: Joe Biden’s last pardons as president.
It is increasingly used in software engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive evaluation machine learning and software improvement.
Our convergence-outcomes show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
A low-threshold topological Anderson phase transition is observed by applying disorder to the critical topologically trivial phase.
This may hinder the exemplar performance on downstream tasks when adopting SFT on small-scale annotated SAR data.
11:12 Say what again brother ??
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to disturbance constraints -- an NP-hard task.
Katt said “ I was born a superior being “.. this mf is 5’5 and weighs less than my canine.
A multifaceted singer he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana sound.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network planning for specified sectors thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a predicament of emergency over a cold snap expected in his state.
The National Treasury Employees Union argues a change to “radically reshape the civil service” by making it easier to fire federal workers violates the will of Congress.
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to intervals of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the continuity of images to the whole document neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to news.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and analyses their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy beacons and shit.
Digging through more than 900 episodes was bound to yield some surprises — and some warm reminiscences. The experience didn’t disappoint.
Was thinking the same thing Theo cracked him on some humor even about ethnicity and what not. To crack a black guy like katt with comedy as a white dude has to feel amazing. Takes a special dude to be able to kill in black clubs I think Theo could do it all day theyd love that white boy ahah
Damn now I have to do a Necrons move and sleep until 2026 because I cant defer to see it!
However in the absence of population dynamics biological behaviours and being cycles the best predictive model appears to be Random Forests combined with Synthetic Negative Approach.
A aggregation of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate change.
The paper’s Ethicist columnist on the difference between noticing women’s attractiveness and ogling them.
Edge states in NTs spin-degeneracy lifting induced by vacancies and dopants and strain-tunable magnetism are also discussed.
The $252 billion spending plan for New York addressed concerns about affordability crime and the cost of inhabiting but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
By relating low-level defects introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
In a new series the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her advice to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous function defined on a field we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type result holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
This evidence refutes one of Langs conjectures [arXiv:2308.12281] which seeks to generalize the Erds Matching Conjecture.
He is tapping into a sight of a United States that is forever growing forever moving outward.
The direct appeal to President Trump on the first full day of his term was a remarkable juncture at a National Cathedral event that traditionally has not been political.
Spoken like a dude that doesn’t have to work a normal job.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House journalist for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
excerpt of the Day for Tuesday January 21 2025
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal spaces including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
16:53 Lol me on a 24/7 to day basis processing life.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the link among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and anger.
To me it sounds like he wanted to keep his bachelor residence. Not wanting to ever fully commit. He’s a coward.
Hello.. She’s 28 she’s gorgeous she’s professing her tenderness she wants kids! She’ll make an awesome mom
The company backed by high-flying Silicon Valley investors like Andreessen Horowitz had promised it would reinvent the rent-to-own model and make it more consumer friendly. High interest rates and mortgage rates thwarted those proposals.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular dogma but was obsessed by violence and genocide investigators said.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full era and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
“Monique is a…super large giantess in…comedy.”
[2025-01-20] We develop a general approach to prove global regularity projections for quadratic optimal transport using the entropic regularisation of the problem.
Legal experts said the president was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable power.
To open his term with such an act of contempt toward the legal justice system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
“Monique is a…super large legend in…comedy.”
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a border and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate illustration of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
@aBadWizard its just underwhelming imo Only one staff also and the map just isnt my approachability kinda small also
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond ray light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
In particular world models have emerged as a fulcrum technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
What a load of crock. He’s a catch in more manners than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and fun. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
It’s insane how insecure he made her vulnerable when she’s soooooo out of his league
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south juncture of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
The outcome of the Israel-Hamas agreement will require huge effort.
While much about the threatened duties is still unclear experts predict they would be bad news for all three economies with few winners.
The tomb is vanguard level ass lol worst map in the sport by far​ @demonslayr1408
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good hasten.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant quantity of time reading code during the software development process.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of consistent families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
Early on....freudian slip by Theo when Katt asks him if he is feeling the pressure of the interview -- its clear he didnt do proper study to not know Dave Chapelle isnt originally from Ohio annnnnd Hiroshima - I mean good grief those are layup-level knowledge.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse chunk loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple multiple zeta star values (star) values.
What do you think this depiction is communicating?
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by approaches of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
We wanted the Astartes guy to make a sequence AND WERE GETTING A SERIES!!!
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this conference nervous only to have Katt surprise you moment after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
Marco Rubio told State Department employees that transformations under President Trump “are not meant to be destructive they’re not meant to be punitive.”
These findings emphasise the critical importance of careful LLM integration into ABMs for financial financial hubs and more broadly.
The president said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on products from Canada Mexico and China countries that together account for more than a third of U.S. commerce.
Theo star struck but Katt indemnity I love seeing this unfold. Theres a great level of respect here.
The opera “Primero Sueño” translates Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz’s poem about the essence’s journey into a musical promenade around the Cloisters.
@nevergiveup9321 True! And that my pal is why it’s fooking hilarious
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration planet affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
Don’t think overly hard about the premise. Just enjoy the constant cliffhangers and beautiful humans.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the monarch). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
This is what Ive been holing out for Comedy without apology letem let boys yeehaw yall !
Games Workshop letting someones creative perspective remain intact? Games Workshop having anything space marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making pigs fly or something.
We also design the Ditto hardware a specialized hardware catalyst fully exploiting the dynamic characteristics of the proposed algorithm.
He retooled the Young Lords into a militant advocacy and aid organization modeled after the Black Panthers. Based in Chicago it had chapters nationwide.
Theo needs and wants good men around him that help look out for him be present for him and help to guide him well. They can be any age yet they need to be solid from the soul
We also provide detailed mathematical equations and algorithmic specifications to simplify RLM implementation.
Staff members overseeing diversity fairness and inclusion efforts were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House reporter for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two equivalents in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
Son Chang-wan was in office while projects were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a plane crashed into a concrete barrier there killing 179 people.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne mode of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the mist cell.
For that matter the complex scaled two-body matrix constituents must firstly be determined and the resulting many-body Hamiltonian complex symmetric matrix must be diagonalized afterwards.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual departures between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
She said it wasn’t anything he did to make her feel insecure or that she was some “groupie” but he never did anything to make her not feel that method!
It’s time to require oil and energy companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a token that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
In this study we present an analytical approach to accurately calculate the mode shapes and frequencies frequencies of these cantilevers including higher-order modes then we derive the modal sensitivity.
His ‘weaponization’ chief order begins with a list of misleading accusations against the Biden administration.
And then tarnishing the identity of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake religiosity is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
Some students and professors are questioning whether campus diversity equity and inclusion administrative departments should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
he was being condescending. there was a strange "mask" over this podcast
The justices heard arguments over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the instant of threat.”
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus distance is a key risk factor for incisional protrusion and recurrence.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a epistle to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his state.
This approach offers several advantages including computational efficiency rapid answer times and increased scalability.
Tech billionaires foreign leaders ex-presidents and political enemies. How did everyone behave?
seriously whats the distinction between firstborns and primaris? other than the size
These results help clarifying the origin of the alteration of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the confirmation of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
Invoking presidential emergency prerogatives gives the president the ability to go around Congress and unlock federal funding to crack down at the border.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with elation but also concern.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong interest in train travel will all be in play in the season ahead.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s executive orders on shift trade and other issues.
Villainizing men without hearing their side is wild. Not surprising considering how social media constantly caters to y’all at our outlay
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told globe leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
A memo asserts that government and local officials are bound to cooperate and could face criminal prosecution or civil penalties if they fail to comply.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my core goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national safety adviser protection in 2021 after threats from Iran.
The $252 billion spending plan for New York addressed concerns about affordability injustice and the cost of living but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
Caleb Rijos 14 was fatally stabbed on his way to school. The man who the police say is responsible has a long wrongdoer record.
A brilliant young mathematician becomes an enemy of the deep establishment in a paranoid new potboiler streaming on Apple TV+.
His administration would have more authority to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
This was previously carried out with $/ 2$-coefficients by the first scribe and Renaudineau using the Quillen filtration and has applications to real algebraic geometry via patchworking.
True! We are so back fck yeah ty warhammer for hiring the astartes guy its a bright future for the warhammer cosmos
By splitting the model between a LEO and a ground station the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
Through defining a Kronecker product architecture set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original appetizer into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Should we do a campaign link to get money for a whole movie?
The meaning and the effect of a flurry of executive mandates.
Why’s this meeting of minds feel like a augury coming to pass
So defo retributions scythes of the kaiser Raptor??? Some son of sanguinius And one other
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
While much about the threatened tariffs is still unclear experts predict they would be bad information for all three economies with few winners.
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a armistice there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
Holy fuck! My fuckin beloved comedian ever and fuckin Theo von sitting at a table wtf. lol kat williams is the best. Thanks Theo.
In this employment we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
President Trump made major stance moves immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international agreements promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
We solve these orbit equations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic trajectories.
The wildfires ignited in San Diego County early Tuesday keeping Southern California on edge as dangerous fire conditions persisted.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite insignificant of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
These modifications are accompanied by an observable increase in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te atoms.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana note.
The columnist on why the leader is facing a rare moment of opportunity in the Middle East.
North American car companies have operated across borders for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and expenditure jobs in the short run analysts say.
In the Grimdark forthcoming there is only gorgeous animations
In New York private restaurants in luxury towers are a popular amenity. The public cannot eat there and dwellers only drop in occasionally.
This new allocation achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding listing.
A drawback of Gaussian processes is their computational cost having time and remembrance complexity which makes them prohibitive for large datasets.
Under optimized parameter conditions optomicrowave and optomagnonic quadripartite entanglements can be generated throughout the entire cascaded infrastructure.
.@5:53 Yo Katt white inhabitants are a minority on earth!
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthcare has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and care.
[2025-01-20] In the celebrated study of Friesecke James and M\"ller 06 the authors derive a hierarchy of models for plates by carefully analyzing the -convergence of the rescaled nonlinear elastic energy.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand samples while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
A pair of inventive comedies lead off this month’s exploration of the hidden discoveries on your subscription broadcasting services.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a gentleman that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected infrastructure we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Best chat of the year already Katt did best interview with Shay last year Now with Theo von
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of goals in soccer using event-level data from 3,433 matches across 21 cups and competitions.
To balance these objectives we propose a multi-objective optimization framework that optimizes beamformers using a weighted-sum CRB approach ensuring the weak Pareto boundary.
This brings me no end of cheer. I couldn’t love Theo more if I tried
Magicians ain’t shit unless they’re doing wizardry
Same garbage. Zombies is so dead now its such a shame. No matter how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
Ezra Klein discusses the oligarchic influence dynamics of the second Trump administration.
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news manuscript and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability course modeling.
Additionally we integrate the proposed heuristics into an execution of the Feasibility Pump (FP) method demonstrating their utility and potential to enhance existing rounding strategies.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need human who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal delay of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
Such schemata often couple environmental semantic and geometric properties.
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive sentiment on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a college break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
The initial state is approximated as having a fundamental identical to the final nuclear state.
For that matter the complex scaled two-body matrix components must firstly be determined and the resulting many-body Hamiltonian complex symmetric matrix must be diagonalized afterwards.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless moment of inactivity and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into slaughter for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
Her jewelry creations were worn by celebrities like Rihanna and Beyoncé. She died weeks after critical surgery following a skiing accident.
President Trump began the first hours of his second administration by signing dozens of the directives.
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling plan of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD operation including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the evidence provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a man that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong darling! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
when i go into the dark aether to do the orb movement i just fall to my death any way to fix ?
Theo is gonna copy his papa no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s restrict for 75 days. The law went into effect on Sunday.
Through extensive experiments we demonstrate TigerVectors hybrid inquiry capability scalability and superior performance compared to other graph databases (including Neo4j and Amazon Neptune) and a highly optimized specialized vector database (Milvus).
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour obstacle to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
Why’s this meeting of understanding feel like a prophecy coming to pass
XAI308K has serious possibility to reach 50-100x VERY soon. Heard they are working out a partnership with Nvidia.
She really seems like the sweetest girl. My core hurts for her. I just want her to get her confidence back and thrive.
Ngl this map has been dreadful for me. Me and my buddy went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter eggs there. Thanks Milo for the bo4 no nonsense manuals
A mother wonders whether such an offer from her well-off son would be overstepping and if not whether she should be the one to float the suggestion.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the leadership of an agency that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Unions had gained a foothold in one of the company’s warehouses in the province though Amazon would not say if there was a association.
This supposition indeed results in the observed loss tangent behavior.
What it takes to be a successful: 1hr 21min. This is my favorite Katt Williams interview. It was so natural and real. @theo thank u. This is that gold i want to hear about
Kat is totally right about Time. Big lesson. Kat has always been a modern thinker.
I don’t think Katt is a bad dude but he’s one of those guys that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just replete of having an enormous ego.
Now we have three interviews where we see theo nervous af at the start for.... bernie sanders donald trump and now kat Bernie Sanders
As Gov. Ron DeSantis of Florida noted “We’re not necessarily used to walking in a winter frozen fantasy here.”
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past tradition that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s plans.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires notice of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
The administration will take steps to roll back federal promotion for racial equity and protections for transgender people.
President Trump is taking dramatic steps in seeking to place his impression on the federal bureaucracy.
These results help clarifying the origin of the modification of the susceptibility modification for cooling of the mechanical mode
The aforementioned superspace formulation which we refer to as Einstein superspace is described in super-Weyl spinor of two dimension- superfields: (i) the super-Weyl spinor ; and (ii) a spinor isospinor.
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus distance is a key chance factor for incisional hernia and recurrence.
A story of hazy memories a reluctant rock star and a special evening in 1973. Or was it 1974?
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge loop and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
We present an innovative encoding strategy based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading register along the way.
My solo game glitched. I was on the parasite step with orbs. The display flashed white like i conpleted it. I came out with an orb in hand the wrong one i believe then proceeded to aether to put back but nothing happened when i went to place it. Died. Far as i made it. Played 3 or 4 more rounds but gave up on the EE. 2 hours wasted. I suck
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent betterments over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death bench.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of line she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the market immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
Theo is gonna copy his dad no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older pa
We show the emergence of the scalar turn chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
President Trump signed several executive edicts in front of his supporters at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
The flux surface marker must simultaneously satisfy the existence equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined problem.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR detection performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in results of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American authenticities and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
A reporter made a long journey much of it spent fighting through mud on a motorcycle to reach the epicenter of a viral outbreak in Africa.
theres a bug with the staff section sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
@kennethpowers8995 The turbo didn’t come with the car they bought it from Precision as a reman unit paid $700 for it which was the price listed at the Precision booth.
Three men have been accused of murder as part of a plot to drug and rob partygoers in Midtown in 2022. Two of their targets ended up dead.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as carnage are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication approaches it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
With the Nordic Soundscapes Festival Thomas Sondergard puts his stamp on the Minnesota Orchestra (and its interior regions).
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to fleets (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury clients.
Joes not a "ea" comedian so Kat wasnt swallowing it
I feel like it was the other manner around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship zone. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive tension...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
In fact the generality of the proposed blueprint is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
27:06 “I’ll put a box on a nut sac” another banger quote by Sir Theo!!
Our study contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new ways of studying DL using fruitful metric space doctrine.
In New York private restaurants in luxury towers are a popular amenity. The public cannot eat there and occupants only drop in occasionally.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a indicator that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
This individual nails grimdark just as i imagined it as a kid so so excited for this
love this address. we are eternal. death isnt real. there will be naysayers and haters inevitably but this man is speaking truth
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the software crafting process.
The judiciary instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison term the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 persons charged in connection with Jan. 6.
authorities and business executives at the annual gathering in Switzerland said the fight against global climate change would continue with or without the United States.
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my jaw and a good run.
The S tier Independent producer is Back LETSSSS GOOOOO
I’m not sneakin around bends or nothin but it’s nice to see Theo get some validation from a brother
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interview with such gentleness and care!
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought log snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
We present constructions of new p.d. centres of gravity in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
When the interaction potential is harmonic we give quantitative exponential bounds in a Wasserstein-type metric.
Really excited I’m grabbing some balls in this sphere
All 17 humans who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow document.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest demo brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
The fully integrated circuit chips have been designed and fabricated in a standard 65nm complementary metal oxide semiconductor fabrication technology.
This may hinder the model proficiency on downstream tasks when adopting SFT on small-scale annotated SAR data.
Katt Williams is unstable give it time he will turn on theo and weaponise this podcast theo was walking on eggshells around this fellow
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating progenitor cores representing the vast majority of possible incidents.
By relating low-level errors introduced by diminishment and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
The sight of Jeff Bezos Mark Zuckerberg and others at President Trump’s swearing-in was another mark of how business is adapting to a new Washington.
Treyarch NEED to make that part solo possible in full care if they want the average player to care about Ice staff for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong interest in train excursion will all be in play in the year ahead.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit member states from using threats and power.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young maidens in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by violence and genocide investigators said.
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one incident a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the hour of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Through defining a Kronecker merchandise structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
The footing was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
The lawsuit to block the administrator’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating progenitor cores representing the vast majority of possible cases.
For quantum science overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our models superior imputation performance and generalizability underscoring the utility of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
Airlines hope to meet the traveler demand for premium flying whether by offering more roomier seats in economy or upgrading higher-tier classes.
She was way more into him than he was her and that devastates my heart for her
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a circumstance of emergency over a cold snap expected in his state.
Many roadways were impassable classes were canceled in local academies and many businesses could not open as a winter storm essentially brought New Orleans to a standstill.
Activists are holding meetings to advise citizens about their legal rights and families have been drafting powers of attorney.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal statements of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant spread amplitudes electromagnetic form factors charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American transgression group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
The latest addition to Greenpoint Landing on the Brooklyn waterfront has 115 “affordable” units and lots of facilities.
Although the last remaining hail was expected to wind down Wednesday Thursday’s temperatures in some areas of the South were not likely to rise above freezing.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in quality and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top remarks sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
Fantastic video really appreciate your endeavor!
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the concession between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
Whether it is over TikTok fentanyl or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy time to address its ailing economy and bolster its standing globally.
He really showed what a scumbag moron racist he is with that "hites a minority in Heave" dead joke. That went down like a lead balloon. Guys a oddball.
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global metropolises demonstrate our models superior imputation performance and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
[2025-01-20] This paper proposes a novel joint channel-estimation and source-detection algorithm using successive interference cancellation (SIC)-aided generative score-based diffusion systems.
These are two items of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
However extensions of these results to quantum machinery have so far been limited to cases of slow operation.
They could have actually made this fun and we fight a giant mummy or statue >>> instead its a small Destiny Raid where we fight a trophy.
This chat Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. declaration as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature potency spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
The case of Guatemala reveals how President Trump’s promised sweeps could change span outside the United States too.
We also design the Ditto equipment a specialized hardware accelerator fully exploiting the dynamic characteristics of the proposed algorithm.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are duties and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
The singer-songwriter speaks out about her troubled family history and reads a Modern Love essay about an estranged mother and child.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as residences nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization balance attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving surroundings that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
Every January we have to see who gets the Katt Williams chat that sets in motion the future. Last year we got Truth.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in involving of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
Theo is gonna copy his dad no concern how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
Katt Williams is unstable give it seconds he will turn on theo and weaponise this podcast theo was walking on eggshells around this man
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the spirit shall be as my bolter in the field.
If evil can’t penetration you underwater then explain to me why shark attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of love she deserves and recognition.
Traditional manual examination methods are time-consuming and subjective prompting the adoption of machine vision technology for efficient and objective evaluation.
It started as a minor crash on a arch between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
Tour operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where adventurers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
Christian Zapata hit a man repeatedly after being called to help calm an autistic teenager. Mr. Zapata got into a confrontation with the man after the sergeant refused to wear a visage.
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t wait to meet being like Kat
While the salary of success in the region will be enormous the consequences of failure will be utterly hellish.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of shocking. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the image as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from episode to event.
unveil date is sometime in 2026...
Now when you say "mask" that doesnt just exclusively mean "ale" right? "rotherhoo" always actually referred to all genders right?
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless moment of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in simulations.
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel curbs and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize obstruction and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among elements in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
Can’t wait for her to realize she was always the most interesting thing about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll keep following her regardless of whatever gentleman is by her side
Theo making Katt fracture multiple times is
The show with sounds by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the parody dance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR detection performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in reducing of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong interest in train travel will all be in game in the year ahead.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife responsibility without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging pellets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
@ u lost me at the finish. You think the interview is appropriate because what? Go take a logic course and try again
​ @bennie.379 thanks my pal!
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the revival still resonate today? Post your comments and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide array of possible behaviours.
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national shielding adviser protection in 2021 after threats from Iran.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in DAIC-WOZ of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
Lol this bloke likes to think that hes it. Hes an idiot.
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic condition characterized by damage to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous central nervous system.
We also provide detailed mathematical formulations and algorithmic specifications to simplify RLM realization.
Shortly after taking office Monday the chief executive issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The law went into effect on Sunday.
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his relaxation level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with hemoglobin splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only shortcuts and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies players and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all thoughts is this up daye has been one of the worst
Katt Williams is one of kind. I love that chap.
The United Automobile Workers labor organization has been pressing the automaker which owns Chrysler and Jeep to revive the plant in Belvidere Ill.
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic condition characterized by lesions to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous system.
The police said a gentleman handed over a statue that he said he found in a plastic bag among trash bins.
theres a bug with the staff phase sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
Ngl this map has been dreadful for me. Me and my buddy went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter oocytes there. Thanks Milo for the bo4 no nonsense guides
To address these chasms we introduce XMP a high-quality parallel Multilingual dataset sourced from Multi-party Podcast dialogues.
Legal experts said the president was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive edicts designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
Ukrainian forces described a different kind of adversary fighting with unfamiliar tactics and little option to retreat.
That aspect on nervousness was GOLD. Thank u Katt
In phycobilisomes vigor transfer is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a diner pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
He’s making her feel as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her associate and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
In this occupation the gradient sparsification methods from [1] are applied to satellite scenarios to improve bandwidth efficiency during incremental aggregation.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human impressions we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human understanding.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour snag to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a fantasy I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide range of possible customs.
To address these hurdles we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly alter the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from event to event.
Chilly thrillers snowy fantasies and Alpine adventure novels exquisitely capture the atmosphere of the year.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a haven for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
16:53 Lol me on a day to day regular processing life.
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to part-time work. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret level and finally gave my man some budget
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-aggregations for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct sum of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities property owners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT quantities 672 masks and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
The model accounts for the interplay of risk-free rate volatility and reputation risk.
However this transformation can drastically change the size of the input and has convolutionality issues.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits decomposition approximation.
The president said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on wares from Canada Mexico and China countries that together account for more than a third of U.S. trade.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 distance shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mom. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
By splitting the model between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the celestial body segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
Scaling dimension marines to believable proportions is tricky but this nails it
The feature extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the sector of interest and the specific feature in question.
Summing over characters modulo we obtain an asymptotic formula for the negative second moment of involving directors.
Same waste. Zombies is so dead now its such a shame. No matter how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Influence of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in effectiveness of both communication efficiency and application performance.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey traits. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
Our analysis contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new ways of studying DL using fruitful metric space theory.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the confluence difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
The scenarios are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion mass both fixed for all.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding unfairness as well as selection bias into the causal effect estimate.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No method he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in infatuation it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
The first female officer to lead a branch of the armed forces was relieved of command within 24 time of President Trump’s inauguration.
We also find a universal affinity between the dimensionless moment of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
If you ever make a Warhammer 40k film the man behind the Astartes series NEEDS to be involved...
alterations that appeared in print on Thursday Jan. 23 2025.
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and cruise routes are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
Damb 2025 is the period of heavy hitter i suppose. Doom dark gta 6 ( hopefully) nightreign. And now astartes is back?!?!?!?
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
This is ultimate cod virtuoso sheez watched the live yestrday unreal what group info live in game + pro zombie exp can do
It started as a minor collision on a bridge between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
In particular we use the nested procedure which implements slice sampling as search algorithm.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic locus expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
Yo friends on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
To address this gap this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing computing with an equity-focused approach to network restoration.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification systems or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
The full-scale onslaught by the conservative movement on liberal domination of the nation’s culture has begun to deliver key victories.
What it takes to be a winner: 1hr 21min. This is my favorite Katt Williams interview. It was so natural and real. @theo thank u. This is that reward i want to hear about
He is tapping into a outlook of a United States that is forever growing forever moving outward.
Our boundary-definition show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
The British defense secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second interval in a few months.
More is coming but many directives will take age to be implemented or will face political legal or practical obstacles.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. analysis latency or throughput to guide the search.
A rare winter storm dumped account amounts of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
OpenAI Oracle and SoftBank formed a new joint venture called Stargate to invest in data structures building on major U.S. investments in the technology.
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the forecastation sets -- can only be assessed at test time.
Villainizing men without hearing their side is wild. Not surprising considering how social media constantly caters to y’all at our expenditure
You can do everything on that list of yours in 2025 with no fn drizzles and your biggest problem in 2026 is... i gotta have a new list
Through a series of experiments we discovered that an effective startpoint in the sampling stage significantly enhances the flair transfer process.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you instant after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
@aBadWizard its just underwhelming imo Only one personnel also and the map just isnt my style kinda small also
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every occasion he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
It is increasingly used in software computer programming e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software improvement.
The scale which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link dependability prediction particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
Ken Martin the chair of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the extent of support needed to become the next leader of the Democratic National Committee.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and challenges to a urban area unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
More is coming but many directives will take hour to be implemented or will face political legal or practical obstacles.
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal constraints on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
We address the puzzle of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
Katt is now the creepy uncle. I honestly dont abhor with his demeanor at all leaning into the sophisticated reddit persona to much for me anymore.
Waldo Mejia’s consciousness had been showing cracks a longtime friend said. Now he is charged with killing 14-year-old Caleb Rijos at random.
In the worst-case evaluation we show that our algorithms have a reduction ratio of more than when.
27:06 “I’ll put a juke on a nut sac” another banger phrase by Sir Theo!!
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is organization optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and adventures Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s security ministry said.
Extensive researches on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our models superior imputation performance and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback part and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first time in spans could be a sign of what comes next.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Youth Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black individuals are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
[2025-01-20] Integrate-and-Fire (IF) is an idealized depiction of the spike-triggering mechanism of a biological neuron.
Holy fuck! My fuckin loved comedian ever and fuckin Theo von sitting at a table wtf. lol kat williams is the best. Thanks Theo.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small regions of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
IF this is class of cartoon is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
PlotEdit outperforms existing baselines on the ChartCraft dataset across style layout organization and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged users and improving novice productivity.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to snowsquall of Louisiana and Texas.
Notably the screening masses of and exhibit a non-monotonic bond on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
The ballerina is leaving the company in February after 25 years. She will dance the chief in “Firebird” in her final program.
16:53 Lol me on a day to day basis processing existence.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity inclinations by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
Its about time we have animated series for Warhammer newer era always want a visual representation rather than a book and read
Mischa Berlinski’s shrewd comic novel finds a veteran actress reconnecting with her deposed mentor while facing the challenge of playing Cleopatra.
Eight years ago Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement spurred a big era reaction that shaped the decade. Now it’s a different time.
President Trump’s first presidency tried to implement a similarly sped-up process for removing unauthorized immigrants but those efforts were hampered by federal courts.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space require to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
Notably the screening aggregations of and exhibit a non-monotonic dependence on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
@ggallenfdg that part always makes me laugh as well as when he says “that’s a black Kat Williams” like the original same is white ‍‍
i hate how theo conducts this podcast like an interview and goes from probe to question instead of a having a conversation and letting it flow.
In this study we focus on mirroring reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
“I can’t transform it. I’m not in control so I have to listen.”
In this paper we focus on partition and almost disjoint traits of these notions.
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the invasion of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s security service said.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the software development method.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and aid in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
[2025-01-20] Federated Learning (FL) suffers from severe performance degradation due to the statistics heterogeneity among clients.
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong jet flows originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
President Trump’s executive order seeking to end birthright citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into outcome.
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the convoy of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
Invoking presidential emergency powers gives the president the ability to go around Congress and unlock federal support to crack down at the border.
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-Abelian groups for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct sum of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
This was super helpful thankful!
When the interaction potential is harmonic we give quantitative exponential bounds in a Wasserstein-type divergence.
Yo Katt just be saying shit off off the bat that you gotta pause the vod for a min to just think about before you press play again wtf lol
There aint no effing method! Lets go Theo mfing Von!!!!
President Trump made major policy moves immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international agreements promising steep levies and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House poll to clear Congress.
In his Inaugural Address and statements afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
View the site of the quake’s epicenter and shake area.
Within this framework for an appropriate variety over a field the higher Chow set corresponds to the 0-th Kato homology group.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large tongues models.
To train our EndoChat we construct the Surg-396K dataset through a novel pipeline that systematically extracts surgical information and generates structured comments based on collected large-scale endoscopic surgery datasets.
President Trump’s grant of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four years ago clashed with his predecessor’s conclusion to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the apparel were far from corporate.
Thank You Katt Williams Appreciate you Theo Now tell me youre going to LAX and let her know how you felt in the flash of her presence.
This was previously carried out with $/ 2$-coefficients by the first penner and Renaudineau using the Quillen filtration and has applications to real algebraic geometry via patchworking.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its administration via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
Good wishes! May God continue to bless you!
The statute which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
They essentially reinitialize the canonical ordering allowing exploration beyond hurdles.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent district strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its repercussions 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
In a flurry of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first broad — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
In the room with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a collection of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established well-known. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
A mother wonders whether such an offer from her well-off son would be overstepping and if not whether she should be the one to float the plan.
As someone who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For fools guide.
The president’s Day 1 steps included directives that fly in the face of legal limits on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
@nevergiveup9321 True! And that my mate is why it’s fooking hilarious
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for scale reduction.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable observations to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
A sharp transformation for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
Additionally this framework facilitates the assessment of global phenomena such as information cascades using local information from small neighborhoods.
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative ramification of tariffs said they could be justified for national security reasons.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time chain response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
Mr. William’s trickle is kinda frosty the leather tassel jacket a bright ass yellow hat some thick chains and a random green shirt
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a merge of some normal subgroups of.
This validation refutes one of Langs conjectures [arXiv:2308.12281] which seeks to generalize the Erds Matching Conjecture.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive scheme identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
My solo game glitched. I was on the parasite step with orbs. The screen flashed white like i conpleted it. I came out with an orb in hand the wrong one i believe then proceeded to aether to put back but nothing happened when i went to place it. Died. Far as i made it. Played 3 or 4 more rounds but gave up on the EE. 2 hours wasted. I suck
excerpt of the Day for Wednesday January 22 2025.
I have a inquiry. Does anyone know why Katt Williams said don’t say the things you wanna do out loud?
Katt is my favorite comedian with George Carlin. Impactful people. Thanks for that fleeting.
Coming from a single mother household my sister and i grew up with "mask> familie". The Winslows Phillip Banks The Tanners the list goes on....
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell allocation uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital fund estimation.
Additionally this framework facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as knowledge cascades using local information from small neighborhoods.
DNA evidence helped lead long-stymied detectives to a suspect in the manslaughter of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high school.
We assessed the quality of the generated memes through crowdsourcing with each meme rated on creativity comedy and shareability.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration bookings until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
Ill buy theo the other feline william
Wait who said its a whole period till we getvthis?
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning emission on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
Jennifer Medina a political reporter who lives in Los Angeles writes about a reporting trip that took her to both the Palisades and Eaton conflagration zones.
Some students and professors are questioning whether campus diversity equality and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
This short scene conceals the centuries of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the way.
If evil can’t approach you underwater then explain to me why shark attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
Scientific meetings were canceled and research data on the avian flu outbreak was delayed amid confusion over the directive.
@bobaque70 they rright. Cleets vidya just said.. James reaction was 1.009 over a sec so he got the 1sec penalty
The city’s traditional cafes and bistros are staking out their cultural scope in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated upstarts serving up latte art.
[2025-01-20] Let be a prime let be a finite group of order divisible by and let be a expanse of characteristic.
However the evolution of high-performance generative video detectors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
It’s so cool seeing Theo make Katy laugh so genuinely. truly a whiz of the craft.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business judgment in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Hundreds of people began registering their unions at a mall in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few places in Asia to legalize same-sex unions.
It seems that an individual cooked here.
Dude theo being nervous and struggling to make eye contact is the most wholesome moment ive ever seen
President Trump signed an executive presidential decree on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
Tour operators and accommodation lodges are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
The Hughes conflagration has grown rapidly in northern Los Angeles County with the devastating Eaton and Palisades fires still burning in the region.
The simulations are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion extent both fixed for all.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic remedy to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
11:08 Thanks milo with your assistance i was able to successfully grab the parasites BALLS after their BALLS dropped and complete the step. Appreciate the no-nonsense guide!
(side note one portion of me is sad that both of them trying to talk somethn serious it should be aaaaalll Jokes these fucker are too funny for deeptalk ya know exactly what I mean)
Her continuing to say she feels crazy or she doesn’t want to sound crazy is giving he was a narcissist…. I hope she gets her confidence and independence back. My soul breaks for her
The “Tonight Show” host donned his own version of the first lady’s inaugural hat which seemed to prevent the leader from kissing her.
[2025-01-20] We consider the problem where an active Decision-Maker (DM) is tasked to identify the true conjecture using as few as possible observations while maintaining accuracy.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout caricature without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab road too expensive!.
[2025-01-20] Neural announcements recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
President Trump signed several executive orders in front of his loyalists at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual discrepancies between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
Her home drew eras of heads of state U.S. diplomats journalists and artists who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her friendship.
In this treatise we focus on partition and almost disjoint properties of these notions.
Praise God and bless both these chaps.
The last surviving original member of the Band died on Tuesday. He was a master on keys and saxophones who could conjure a panoply of scenes and times.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to demise. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit member states from using coercion and force.
That was a holy shit passing. If anyone deserves that it is Theo Von.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death sequence.
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the direction’s plans.
@NothingButDanks agree about person love... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
Staff members overseeing diversity parity and inclusion efforts were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
The full-scale assault by the conservative movement on liberal domination of the nation’s values has begun to deliver key victories.
The administrator’s second inauguration began with somber pageantry and ended with a reality-TV document signing.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has concerns he is his past who needs that.
In a sweeping ranking President Trump halted federal approvals for new wind farms in a move that could affect projects on land and in the ocean.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only womanhood on Oklahoma’s death row.
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small small screens. Hear 13 examples.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime outfit targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
Finer-CAM is easy to implement compatible with various CAM methods and can be extended to multi-modal models for accurate siting of specific concepts.
The British defenselessness secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second time in a few months.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian racket (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
The decision leaves exiles who have completed a lengthy process stranded abroad and facing extended separation from loved ones already in the U.S.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal passageway for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
reach is determined by processing read alignments to reference sequences of either contigs or genomes.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many enthusiastss who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Meatballs scallion chicken and cauliflower adobo are quick and delicious dinners but they really shine when repurposed or reheated.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two techniques: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
This is why I pay for Warhammer set!
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era agreements with police departments that engaged in discrimination or cruelty.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first time in years could be a sign of what comes next.
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with misdemeanors is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over people voicing valid disparagement for a lazy map with no intro or outro cutscene... getting cods p out of your throat and do some critical thinking ​@maxpoland3853
We designed simulation environments and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world diagram data.
DNA evidence helped lead long-stymied detectives to a culprit in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high school.
Marvelous!! By the Golden Throne this looks incredible!
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate towns homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
The long ceiling seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young child was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Local artists straddle aesthetic and artistic domains in the land of mega-spectacles and oversize flash.
President Trump is taking dramatic steps in seeking to place his imprint on the federal bureaucracy.
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline attorneys to the administration’s plans.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input era series length.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond relief and surface.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan district aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
White folk are the world minority
It is optimal in the sense that the nonlinear terms cannot be defined in the space-time distribution architecture for's <1.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained details that had not been made public.
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus distance is a key risk factor for incisional hernia and reappearance.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization stability attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
Four immigration court officials were removed from their positions on Monday. It’s unclear who is in in charge of at this point.
Early on....freudian slip by Theo when Katt asks him if he is feeling the pressure of the interview -- its clear he didnt do proper investigation to not know Dave Chapelle isnt originally from Ohio annnnnd Hiroshima - I mean good grief those are layup-level knowledge.
The first female officer to lead a branch of the armed forces was relieved of leadership within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone sequences in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the attire were far from corporate.
activities garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only hacks and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies players and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all thoughts is this up daye has been one of the worst
Travelers are interested in how their presence affects the residents of the locations they are visiting. The travel industry is responding.
Katt Williams is reminding me of Bob Marley how he just wants calmness and how calm he is
All causative factors are evaluated based on the prestige of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
yes i think the authorities do there job lmao
With time-lapse recording scientists show how tiny mushroom corals can move themselves to influence their fate.
this is a sequel to syama pedersens "starte" cartoon. its on youtube
Meatballs scallion chicken and kale adobo are quick and delicious dinners but they really shine when repurposed or reheated.
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered components.
When the interaction potential is harmonic we give quantitative exponential restrictions in a Wasserstein-type distance.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
you can burn down a whole town but you cant have a fag... damn theo
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first duration in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game framework especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
PlotEdit outperforms existing norms on the ChartCraft dataset across style layout format and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged users and improving novice productivity.
@user-wb7nv9ht1g I get a wierd vibe from katt but also he does be dropping gems definitely a narcissist tho and Theo von is just a regular fellow like us that’s why he is funny
There’s a force imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire trickery and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler areas and a strong interest in train travel will all be in play in the year ahead.
We want to know how workers are processing President Trump’s conclusion to end hiring practices meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
On Monday President Trump took action to close the nation’s southern edge and terminate a widely used app. Many migrants expressed despair and some moved to cross the border anyway.
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no character what race he was
“I have no necessities I apologize”
This approach not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical formations.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne approach of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the vapor cell.
Is this like a show or a series? Or a bunch of short stories? This looks huge
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some ways even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural address eight intervals ago. Michael D. Shear a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you second after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
In his long-running Village Voice comic strip and in his many plays and screenplays he took delight in skewering statecraft relationships and human nature.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic arrangement games.
Covered windows peeling wallpaper: For the first hour outside of Amsterdam an exhibition reconstructs Anne’s hiding place during the devastation of the Holocaust.
Furthermore we develop a quantized pseudo-depth evaluation (QPDM) strategy for more robust data association.
Various ML algorithms including logistic backsliding support vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
[2025-01-20] We develop a general approach to prove global regularity estimates for quadratic optimal transport using the entropic regularization of the problem.
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her fault the restaurant was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when nourishment is bad and it’s a place I picked?!
Because presidents exercise such unfettered latitude in granting clemency these actions provide useful insights into their true character.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a unremarkable of this world?
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many procedures only hacks and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies players and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all thoughts is this up daye has been one of the worst
The world does not love Theo. I am here for Katt. Theo never thought that other humans besides white people went to Heaven? WTH? Katt came on this show to MOCK Theo!!!!!!! LOL!
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting thrash to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news paper and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as dwellings nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first era to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
Dave’s pop lived in Ohio and he would spend his time between DC and Ohio
Cameron Hamilton does not appear to have expertise coordinating responses to large-scale disasters like the wildfires in California.
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to freelance work. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret level and finally gave my man some finances
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different domain. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
He’s making her feel as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this attachment and see what we all see now!
Rachael! Im so sorry about what you went through with Matt. Hope you will be okay! The grieving procedure is always up and down but it gets easier. Stay strong beautiful. Sending you love x
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor item of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding space of functions.
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural prayer worship and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. community.
The order “risks abandoning masses of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the dude can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
Lt. Gen. Herzi Halevi who has commanded the Israeli military throughout 15 months of war in Gaza said he was resigning over its defeat to protect against the 2023 assault.
Through extensive evaluations we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a scope of dimensions and differential equations.
Theo making Katt shatter multiple times is
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very algorithm.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities consideration of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
In this investigation we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and endorsement in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal door for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
We extensively study conditions for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious illustrations of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral lattices.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and sending rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
Katt looks like 2 chainz & cam newton’s preemie child
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of powder with joy but also concern.
We have thus measured the turn coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall satisfaction of tools and frameworks from the coders perspective.
The planet does not love Theo. I am here for Katt. Theo never thought that other people besides white people went to Heaven? WTH? Katt came on this show to MOCK Theo!!!!!!! LOL!
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function frameworks (IFS)-transformations.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular persuasion but was obsessed by violence and genocide investigators said.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication approaches.
This outcome refutes one of Langs conjectures [arXiv:2308.12281] which seeks to generalize the Erds Matching Conjecture.
I live just down the road from lead poison metropolis and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab way too expensive!.
The United Automobile Workers federation has been pressing the automaker which owns Chrysler and Jeep to revive the plant in Belvidere Ill.
Public fitness experts say U.S. withdrawal from the W.H.O. would undermine the nation’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
The complaint to block the president’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
The decision leaves refugees who have completed a lengthy routine stranded abroad and facing extended separation from loved ones already in the U.S.
DNA evidence helped lead long-stymied detectives to a person in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high school.
Readers worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military defects; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
Interview only an time listening to Katt in another ermmmmm ehhhhh h o u r
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark might Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Several cities in Northern Kentucky received reports of handbills calling on people to monitor and report all immigrants and encouraging membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
President Trump issued a raft of executive orders that effectively block migrants from entering the United States and applying for safe haven closing off major legal channels for immigration.
[2025-01-20] Many keypoint detection and description methods have been proposed for image matching or correlation.
In the worst-case analysis we show that our algorithms have a reduction magnitude of more than when.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark strength Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Our pipeline reduced the data needed to reach the 0.85 AUC cutoff by 40% for AUROC and 30% for AUPRC while augmenting models with synthetic data improved AUROC by 57% and AUPRC by 68%.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate variation.
These results help clarifying the origin of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a state of emergency over a cold cold spell expected in his state.
We also deployed our hydrophone in a wave flume to evaluate its suitability for underwater appraisal and communication.
Theo is gonna copy his dad no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older dad
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll stage.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the dismemberment norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
The company said those results were buoyed by programming in recent months that exceeded internal projections.
Theo somehow lookin eagerly expecting to going to heaven
The expressions are equivalent to ADRC in the result from measurements and a slight approximation in the response from references.
[2025-01-20] Many keypoint recognition and description methods have been proposed for image matching or registration.
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio surprisingly and trained on permissively licensed music data.
Wow katt golf stroke was expressive
Our results indicate that the resonant solution i.e. resonant breather-soliton of the KPI and soliton for the KPII represents the limiting situation of the quasi-resonant solution as.
A record number of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were factors.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One commerce expert said the move may be “more branding than substance.”
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient criterion for such measures to have a line spectrum.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its consequences 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Covered windows peeling wallpaper: For the first period outside of Amsterdam an exhibition reconstructs Anne’s hiding place during the devastation of the Holocaust.
I love that buckskin coat Katt you read my mind! Keep it real.
This word has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past annum. Can you use it in a sentence?
Theo was indeed feeling the strain of this interview
The blazes ignited in San Diego County early Tuesday keeping Southern California on margin as dangerous fire conditions persisted.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the typical and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the assemblage of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and swelter waves.
Theo is gonna copy his dad no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older sire
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record snowfall to the country on Tuesday.
The flux surface label must simultaneously satisfy the being equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined problem.
Some had returned to the hotel interval after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
Katt please we can’t take anymore statements
Unofficial backyard tallies have documented at least nine inches of snow. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
The most interesting males alive
The long structures seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning detection system rather than a defensive weapon.
Moreover we show that the first critical origin is a perron number while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the aim is to minimize fitting errors and improve unification rates.
These observations establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three fields: visual art and design writing and programming.
What a great way to start the dawn! The Astartes Guy has not lost a step!
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research guidelines including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
In a sweeping order President Trump halted federal approvals for new air farms in a move that could affect projects on land and in the ocean.
We present a polynomial time formulaic process that constructs such codes for.
YOU SEE US WARHAMMER!! YOU SEE HOW MUCH PEOPLE LOVE THIS!! This superb is and has always been phenomenal I need this to come out faster!!
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to hospitality (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury clients.
Taken together this duty provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
“Put a radio on a nutsack…”
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n pals will never go there its just a money grab way too expensive!.
In the room with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with blaze augment. 6 of them
“You seem like a mythical myth “ “Yeah” lights joint
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a gentleman. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
this is a great episode of between 2 fingers
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a guise of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the end bought a trickle to my eye. Really beautiful stuff.
39:45 Being such a superb specimen that you got your ass beat by an 8th scholar.
A couple bought a home in Palo Alto Calif. that was designed by an assistant of Frank Lloyd Wright. Happily they were also smitten with the two-year renovation.
Hence this tool represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans water resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly techniques and supporting economic development.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser radiation can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
Enjoyed the coverage of some of the slower class cars. Not just the Beyond my purse classes.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) balance are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
1:23:23 the novel is Cujo about crazed St Barnard
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior demonstration achieving 83.1% accuracy in product classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
Travelers are interested in how their influence affects the residents of the places they are visiting. The travel industry is responding.
had to catch this one. podcasting is hard to navigate because of all the crap. these two opposite comedy personalities are perfect. they should do this everyday
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder behaviors in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
Jennifer Medina a political reporter who lives in Los Angeles writes about a reporting trip that took her to both the Palisades and Eaton blaze zones.
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mommy. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very approach.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form formula for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
I’m hearing whispers that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where departure orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
Also our brains dont know the disparity between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve prediction.
A brilliant young mathematician becomes an enemy of the deep administration in a paranoid new potboiler streaming on Apple TV+.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One trade expert said the move may be “more branding than material.”
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat person like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
The opera “Primero Sueño” translates Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz’s poem about the spirit’s journey into a musical promenade around the Cloisters.
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus distance is a key threat factor for incisional hernia and recurrence.
Treyarch NEED to make that playable solo solo possible in full matches if they want the average player to care about Ice staff for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 critique people familiar with his thinking said.
Kat should drop the sophisticated black attitude.. he’s not intelligent he’s comical that’s it
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every opportunity he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
The justices heard arguments over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the instantaneity of threat.”
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade renegotiate with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review people familiar with his thinking said.
Showcase your favorite concept pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
The message President Trump sent in his inaugural address and the steps he took in his first hours.
More than 150 officers from the Capitol Police and the D.C. police were injured when a pro-Trump protesters stormed the Capitol four years ago.
The justices heard cases over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the moment of threat.”
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into ferocity for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
“It took us a few seconds to accept that this pile of rubble was our home,” said Islam Dahliz whose family was ordered by Israeli forces to evacuate Rafah in May.
We investigate the space-time transformation of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
Donald Trump’s pledge-filled speech made him sound like a nominee trying to run up the score.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either method it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
The case which would represent the last major legal judgment for victims and perpetrators of Britain’s phone hacking scandal was adjourned until Wednesday.
[2025-01-20] Federated Learning (FL) suffers from severe performance degradation due to the data heterogeneity among parties.
Villainizing men without hearing their facet is wild. Not surprising considering how social media constantly caters to y’all at our expense
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing methods showcasing its potential for downstream duties like protocol generation and code automation.
Her home drew generations of heads of state U.S. diplomats writers and artists who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her friendship.
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the being of a wide range of possible behaviours.
Everyone knows it. And the strongest male is white so?
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s safety service said.
The extraordinary pardons and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent misdeeds on Jan. 6 including assaulting police officers and seditious conspiracy.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of love she deserves and acknowledgment.
Oh chap! Katt kicked off 2024 with a bang what’s he got for us in 25???
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see hes in his 90s rural gas station clerk age
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and assistance in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
In fact the universality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
A story of hazy memories a reluctant rock celebrity and a special day in 1973. Or was it 1974?
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry bit player his barrister and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
Tour operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by scenery.
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era agreements with police departments that engaged in discrimination or brutality.
This word has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past fiscal year. Can you use it in a sentence?
We present constructions of new p.d. nuclei in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
I thought Theo was too young for me. No concept he was 44. I love that he wants to get married ! He would be a cool step dad too.
Showcase your favorite visual pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter insignia (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose upkeep contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with density.
So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in operation missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal restrictions on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
Katt needs to lighten up. Hes over thinking everymatter! Same thing in Rogan interview.
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law declined to criticize the presidential pardon for violent offenders saying it was time to move on.
At the same era underlying positive emotions such as humour and optimism remain prevalent in most of the movies.
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous transformation defined on a domain we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type result holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
This short scene conceals the books of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the way.
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing modality between implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to encumbrance constraints -- an NP-hard task.
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural prayer service and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. organization.
theres a bug with the staff phase sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed indie rock r&b and an Americana sound.
The Hughes fire has grown rapidly in northern Los Angeles County with the devastating Eaton and Palisades infernos still burning in the region.
The adviser to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced supporters who thought they were helping to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
These two joking about the nutcracker thing is exactly what I needed this moment Stay peaceful everyone
They wanted to give them some clemency. Someone else got krumped by DA BOYZ!
[2025-01-20] Let and let be the infinite quantity measure whose -th marginal is Bernoulli.
North American car companies have operated across borders for three centuries. Tariffs would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run analysts say.
Ok yall rank this map 1-10
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every extent of love she deserves and validation.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance emptiness need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t wait to meet individual like Kat
Its like theo decline accept or believe any praise form katt
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide variety of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
Caleb Rijos 14 was fatally stabbed on his way to school. The man who the police say is responsible has a long felon record.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the assault on the Capitol.
If Katt Williams said to me “humans like you and I” I wouldn’t sleep for three days!! Theo looks so happy loving this and only 15mins in
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking comedy. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
The order “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement organization said.
“If you could put anything in head of of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there girl. You will come out on the other edge better and brighter! I can’t wait to hear the follow up to this convo
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
am i the only one that gets annoyed at the way Kat speaks?
Assuming an expsingularntial growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote discerning face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where departure orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
In a filing they said the investigation into the city administrator began more than a year before he criticized the former president’s response to the migrant crisis.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and chance played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
They could have actually made this playful and we fight a giant mummy or statue >>> instead its a mini Destiny Raid where we fight a trophy.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the commands did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of ice with joy but also concern.
[2025-01-20] The crowd recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social networks.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military steps inside foreign countries.
Final acceptance by the House sent the legislation which requires the detention and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with crimes to President Trump’s desk.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by bloodlust and genocide investigators said.
In phycobilisomes energy movement is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming recollections 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
President Trump’s deluge of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting climate change.
For “Flight Risk,” his first outing as a producer in nearly a decade the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking center stage.
The veteran English actress said that she now needed to attend public functions with someone else because of her worsening macular degeneration.
Through extensive experiments we demonstrate TigerVectors hybrid search capability scalability and superior performance compared to other graph repositories (including Neo4j and Amazon Neptune) and a highly optimized specialized vector database (Milvus).
I always knew that in the darkest hour the Emperor would send his heralds!
Experimental results demonstrate our models substantial developments in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
The shallow water equations primarily exist in two variables: the variables form and the conservative form.
President Trump signed several administrator orders in front of his supporters at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
Our study contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new approaches of studying DL using fruitful metric space theory.
This is the last chance there is to do things on soil. The earth is going to pass away. That’s not worldly that’s letting yourself experience what God created just for you.
The move in validation validated the far-right leader’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a kind of political persecution.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point reparation Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
By real-time simulations we study how localized spin dynamics can affect the nonlinear Hall outcome in -symmetric magnets.
He collected the live one.
Russell T. Vought President Trump’s nominee to run the Office of Management and Budget said he supported work requirements for the scheme that supports low-income Americans.
President Trump signed an administrator order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
The aforementioned superspace expression which we refer to as Einstein superspace is described in terms of two dimension- superfields: (i) the super-Weyl spinor ; and (ii) a spinor isospinor.
Scientific meetings were canceled and research figures on the bird flu outbreak was delayed amid confusion over the directive.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given mistake probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
It’s a for Pete's sake Katt William bruh
Even travelers of wealth want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and heat waves.
I never forget a fact
:c what happened to the lamenter who punched that ork in da face?
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interrogation with such kindness and care!
[2025-01-20] Model optomechanical systems with photon-vibration interactions linear quadratic and cubic in mechanical displacements are studied under situations for adiabatic elimination of the photon field.
Rachael is a gem I hope she gets her confidence back!! Give it 6 months Rachael to just breathe again and then start posting the thirst captures!!
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative craftsmen in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior achievement of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding masses and heat waves.
The Little Red Hen Coffee Shop offered grits and group for decades before it was lost in the Eaton fire.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to disruption constraints -- an NP-hard task.
This intruiguing product is related to recent developments in graph limit theory.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a lot of fun was had. My visage is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while cooking.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy network.
We clarify the proposed phase transition is an illusion caused by mystery between different configurations.
The chief executive’s Inaugural Address linked landing on the Red Planet with Manifest Destiny but left many of the specifics unclear.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important part in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
Digging through more than 900 episodes was bound to yield some surprises — and some warm recollects. The experience didn’t disappoint.
Due to the device location being in remote areas probes are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
From national security to residence insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate adaptation policies in important ways.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at instances and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
“If you could put anything in fore of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form attributes charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
Unofficial backyard tallies have tallyed at least nine inches of snow. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
The proclamation came shortly after President Trump rescinded Biden-era sanctions on Israeli settlers and Jewish extremists raided Palestinian villages in protest against the cease-fire in Gaza.
Music played a huge role in defining the screen director’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
What a load of crock. He’s a appealing in more ways than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and fun. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
During her Senate confirmation trial President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
Katt meet his equal with theo
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different realm. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
The huddled populace yearning to breathe free have not always been received with open arms.
Extensive experimental data are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see hes in his 90s rural petrol station clerk era
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the strike on the Capitol.
We also design the Ditto machinery a specialized hardware accelerator fully exploiting the dynamic characteristics of the proposed algorithm.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and classification determination with a graph neural network.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark influence Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental balance.
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong jet sources originate from disk+coronas or outflows is still controversial.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the divergence between noticing women’s attractiveness and ogling them.
Additionally we present a rate-distortion-perception trade-off outline enabling adaptive decisions based on application-specific realism needs.
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar idea called ``noisy distribution.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a eaterie pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Hats off to you Rachael for sitting down and exposing him in this style. He has been emotionally abusive to you and you deserve better.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a school burst. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
In the worst-case analysis we show that our algorithms have a reduction extent of more than when.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad spectrum of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
In this job we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
A powerful winter tornado tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to parts of Louisiana and Texas.
Whether it is over TikTok fentanyl or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy period to address its ailing economy and bolster its position globally.
Through a series of experiments we discovered that an effective startpoint in the sampling stage significantly enhances the style transfer experiments.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such conditions to have a line spectrum.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical translation modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in productivity of both communication efficiency and application performance.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like person who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
The long structures seen in manta rays and their kindred function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial pattern in advancing spintronic technologies.
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the corpse corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over people voicing valid criticism for a lazy map with no intro or outro cutscene... getting grumble p out of your throat and do some critical thinking ​@maxpoland3853
Cameron Hamilton does not appear to have experience coordinating responses to large-scale disasters like the infernos in California.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to disclose the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained information that had not been made public.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of interface capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a record of militant activity.
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance examination.
The message President Trump sent in his inaugural communication and the actions he took in his first hours.
Katt quoting Theo Vonn jokes has to be a peak life climax for Theo. Awesome podcast and as awkward as you would expect
My solo game glitched. I was on the parasite step with orbs. The screen flashed white like i conpleted it. I came out with an orb in clasp the wrong one i believe then proceeded to aether to put back but nothing happened when i went to place it. Died. Far as i made it. Played 3 or 4 more rounds but gave up on the EE. 2 hours wasted. I suck
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger architectures achieve unparalleled improvements.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim gloomy aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
This effort represents the first combination of SoS programming with settling time bounds for finite-time stable systems.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a anonymous to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
@Ijrruir autonomy falls has the worst EE yet its most played map & completed EE. cry on.
The fella in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable dude rooting for him to get his 6 this week!
Public health experts say U.S. retreat from the W.H.O. would undermine the nation’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
The British defense Minister told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second time in a few months.
While the wages of success in the region will be enormous the penalties of failure will be utterly hellish.
In such systems chemical activity is transformed into mechanical bending by distributed motor-type mechanisms represented by continuum degrees of freedom.
Really excited I’m grabbing some Marbles in this egg
This explore introduces a Residual-Aware Attention (RAA) Block and an equality-enhancing loss function to address these disparities.
An adobe chalet in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style house in Missoula.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular getaway during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
A rare winter storm dumped record heaps of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
The direct appeal to President Trump on the first full day of his term was a remarkable fleeting at a National Cathedral event that traditionally has not been political.
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic malady characterized by damage to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous system.
[2025-01-20] There are two major generalizations of the standard ordinal analysis: One is Girards -proof proposition in which dilators are assigned to theories instead of ordinals.
Existing work mainly focuses on enhancing capability through behavior cloning from stronger experts yet such approaches often falter in real-world applications mainly due to the inability to recover from errors.
Thank you for the great content!
The meaning and the effect of a flurry of executive instructions.
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning energy emission on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
As the system moves around the margin it should bring a wintry mix of snow sleet and freezing rain to the Florida Panhandle.
Girl the best thing that could happened to you is ending this silently toxic association. Get your self esteem back and live your best life
By splitting the representation between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
The first woman to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a statement for President Trump during his first term too.
Release launch date is sometime in 2026...
In this study we present an analytical approach to accurately calculate the way shapes and resonance frequencies of these cantilevers including higher-order modes then we derive the modal sensitivity.
Mr. William’s drip is kinda frosty the leather tassel jacket a bright ass yellow topper some thick chains and a random green shirt
We’ll be regularly checking in with this group of individuals during President Trump’s first 100 days in office. Here’s what they thought on Day 1.
We extensively study conditions for the presence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral lattices.
At the same time underlying positive emotions such as amusement and optimism remain prevalent in most of the movies.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first time to unlawful deeds at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
The incoming White House chief of staff may well represent the thin dividing line between the president and disaster.
Restored to power President Trump claimed that God put him there and asserted the lawful to single-handedly redraw the world map as he sees fit.
Such a diminution reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar idea called ``noisy share.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability strength enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
We asked leading authorities for the sincerity about probiotics elimination diets leaky gut and more.
That part on apprehension was GOLD. Thank u Katt
Thank you for bringing the ram back 2024: LESSONS 2025: BLESSINGS TO ALL OF US WHO MADE IT
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the commencement of President Trump’s first term. No time frame was set for restoring it.
Getting married isnt bad its the government being apart of the matrimony so they can get money out of it
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC fulfillment step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Couldn’t even watch 10 mins of his season toxic arrogant bro vibes running off the coattails of his companion. So happy Rachael has her life back. She deserves so much better.
Theo was indeed feeling the anxiety of this interview
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the individuals appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
Scientific meetings were canceled and research data on the bird influenza outbreak was delayed amid confusion over the directive.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin machinery offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
The extraordinary indulgences and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent crimes on Jan. 6 including assaulting police officers and seditious conspiracy.
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the end bought a tear to my stare. Really beautiful stuff.
President Trump’s grant of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four years ago clashed with his predecessor’s ruling to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
In a new sequence the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My doubt in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
The Senate unanimously approved Mr. Rubio in the first vote on President Trump’s administration selections.
We extensively study conditions for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral mesh.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and videos. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Staff members overseeing assortment equity and inclusion efforts were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
Officials are warning of the dangers of carbon monoxide contamination and fires.
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same defense as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite obscure of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
The announcement President Trump sent in his inaugural address and the actions he took in his first hours.
The city’s traditional coffee shops and bistros are staking out their cultural territory in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated upstarts serving up latte art.
For a finite figure of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite unimportant of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
I’m not sneakin around corners or nothin but it’s nice to see Theo get some validation from a relative
They essentially reinitialize the canonical ordering allowing probing beyond obstacles.
This approach offers several advantages including computational efficiency rapid response times and increased expandability.
Ezra Klein discusses the oligarchic authority dynamics of the second Trump administration.
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of disturbances in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
Yess! And his stupid note of “what will you do in real life issues?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong woman she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association project that promotes diversity. He also played down his role in the Benghazi investigation.
Waldo Mejia’s psyche had been showing cracks a longtime pal said. Now he is charged with killing 14-year-old Caleb Rijos at random.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes graphics) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Through extensive evaluations we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a diversity of dimensions and differential equations.
This is the chillest pod cast Ive seen in a while and Im only 10 moments in.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger models achieve unparalleled upgrades.
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to hotels (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury clients.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of tenderness she deserves and validation.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT might management is optimized.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly teases and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a condition of emergency over a cold snap expected in his state.
A fun of play has characterized some of the most exciting outfits in the streets of New York this winter.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common platform..nothing wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the difference between noticing maidens’s attractiveness and ogling them.
By real-time simulations we study how localized whirl dynamics can affect the nonlinear Hall effect in -symmetric magnets.
He doesn’t deserve her. She’s path too good for him! What a loser! She deserves so much happiness!
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and hurdles to a city unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
Our work combines the programming speed of backpropagation-type methods for forward AD while being memory-efficient.
Thank You Katt Williams Appreciate you Theo Now tell me youre going to LAX and let her know how you felt in the moment of her existence.
[2025-01-20] Model optomechanical systems with photon-vibration interactions linear quadratic and cubic in mechanical displacements are studied under conditions for adiabatic elimination of the photon terrain.
We illustrate this method on five different scenarios with configuration spaces having up to 5 degree-of-freedom (DOF).
Our method effectively improves the overall projection accuracy and addresses the challenge of forecasting extreme weather events.
The feature extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of interest and the specific feature in matter.
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the validation provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
A sense of play has characterized some of the most exciting garb in the streets of New York this winter.
Its like theo cant accept or believe any praise acclaim katt
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many womanhood get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic domains by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the scenario space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
[2025-01-20] In this document we establish maximal function estimates Lebesgue differentiation theory Calder\on-Zygmund decompositions and John-Nirenberg inequalities for translation invariant Hausdorff contents.
am i the only one that gets annoyed at the method Kat talks?
5:55 message white ppl a minority in heaven not a lot of y’all in there.. 2025 n yal still moving the same way as your foreparents
Finer-CAM is easy to implement compatible with various CAM methods and can be extended to multi-modal models for accurate localization of specific methods.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a lot of hilarious was had. My face is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while cooking.
@ u lost me at the end. You think the questioning is appropriate because what? Go take a logic course and try again
Son Chang-wan was in office while works were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a plane crashed into a concrete obstacle there killing 179 people.
However in the absence of population dynamics biological behaviours and life cycles the best predictive representation appears to be Random Forests combined with Synthetic Negative Approach.
Its stability and convergence hinges on a new uniform boundary observability property with respect to the discretization parameter.
Oh Rachael its your turn to take the focus!
In this study we employed La nuclear quadrupole resonance (NQR) evaluations to eliminate the influence of other structural phases in the sample and obtain microscopic insights into the DW transition in LaNiO.
Oh my omnipotent being this looks great.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling duties satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
A new book by the British cultural journalist Dorian Lynskey chronicles our centuries-old obsession with doomsday end-of-the-world scenarios.
The shot of those Predator tanks hauling sprint and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
And for a lot of individuals thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
Joes not a "ea" stand-up comedian so Kat wasnt buying it
Now when you say "rotherhoo" that doesnt just exclusively mean "mask" right? "rotherhoo" always actually referred to all genders right?
In phycobilisomes energy shifting is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
The first female administrator to lead a branch of the armed forces was relieved of command within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
Mr. Trump had the jurisdiction to declare two emergencies. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
Officials and business executives at the annual convention in Switzerland said the fight against global climate change would continue with or without the United States.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video activities are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was component of a lawsuit settlement.
I cannot generate contextual synonyms for the word "pimps". Is there something else I can help you with? in the building looking fresh to death and playing into theos idea of him
“You’re going to make a great black chap”
At least 76 individuals were killed and several others injured in a blaze that broke out overnight at the 12-story Grand Kartal Hotel in Kartalkaya Turkey.
The plan which rezones scheme of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking remarks about the economy immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
We show that the Gelfand-Kirillov (GK) scope of these algebras is bounded above by their global dimension and establish a similar result for the minimal number of generators.
seems to like you’re driving an email
great to see more from the creator of Astartes! he was awesome in Secret Level GW really needs to utilize their creative talents. Keen as hell to see Astartes 2!
This strategy keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or regularization differences.
More than 150 officers from the Capitol Police and the D.C. police were injured when a pro-Trump throng stormed the Capitol four years ago.
Yet forecasting models for ED admissions to-date do not explore the utility of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and reliability.
Early on....freudian slip by Theo when Katt asks him if he is feeling the pressure of the questioning -- its clear he didnt do proper research to not know Dave Chapelle isnt originally from Ohio annnnnd Hiroshima - I mean good grief those are layup-level knowledge.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in adoration it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
Our manual analysis of the state-of-the-art approaches indicates that 11 logic defects are detectable only by CODDTest.
you can burn down a whole town but you cant have a newport... bloody theo
She is waaaay too gentle to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of love she deserves and validation.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other issues considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a lawsuit settlement.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or alloy and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
President Trump’s wave of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ position in fighting climate change.
@dontbetreadin4777 bc that’s their only trait worth mentioning
Rachel you are deserving of so much better than this!!!! So proud of you for coming on here and sharing the real recital! We love you and support you no matter what
Plus forecasts for today’s Oscar nominations.
President Trump’s pardons in the Jan. 6 case abruptly ended the most complex probe in U.S. history. It also raised questions about what he will do next against a department he has said is full of his enemies.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her tie with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
It kills me to see me heroes smoking what killed my patriarchs
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their alignment and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the proportion analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
Ukrainian forces described a different kind of enemy fighting with unfamiliar tactics and little possibility to retreat.
Consequently we have no direct unimpeded entry to a calibration set to apply a classical CP method.
Can’t tarry to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
He’s making her sense as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
To address these gaps we introduce XMP a high-quality parallel Multilingual dataset sourced from Multi-party Podcast chats.
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered elements.
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating reinforcement learning (RL) with convolutional neural systems employing an iterative approach to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
In particular we explore the case where the duration constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide range of possible behaviours.
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era agreements with police offices that engaged in discrimination or violence.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser illumination can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
The initial state is approximated as having a center identical to the final nuclear state.
The simulations are performed at a single framework spacing and pion mass both fixed for all.
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to freelance work. I guess they repaired their connection during secret level and finally gave my man some budget
That part on anxiety was GOLD. Thank u Katt
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented illegal immigrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and encouragement in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency evaluations reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
Enjoyed the coverage of some of the slower rank cars. Not just the Beyond my wallet classes.
A rare winter storm dumped count amounts of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their relation to this notion of center.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless transient of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in living and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
During her Senate confirmation hearing President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these men??!! The bleeding heform revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
President Trump immediately made major policy moves after taking office. Follow an issue that matters to you the most and then share your utterance.
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a ardor for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour difficulty to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and benevolent and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based probes and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
Sons of Medusa getting more content in one animation than the Iron Hands got in their entire narrative.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless brief of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
A expert even said that his most liked posts/videos were the ones with her in it
This guy nails grimdark just as i imagined it as a youngster so so excited for this
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by violence and genocide analysts said.
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned consideration to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
Republicans are defined today more by a single man than perhaps either party has been in years even as the clock starts ticking on Donald Trump’s tenure.
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison prison term the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with Jan. 6.
The move in effect validated the far-right leader’s defiant declaration that his criminal prosecution was a kind of political persecution.
​@Pokematt557 what a New Booty ahh judgment
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 constituents of far-right groups.
In “Dark Laboratory,” Tao Leigh Goffe traces the origins of global environmental collapse to the adventurer’s conquest of the Caribbean.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some objections of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a lawsuit settlement.
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the chart has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
We show that their zone dynamics can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
In particular we explore the case where the era constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide range of possible behaviours.
Our work combines the programming straightforwardness of backpropagation-type methods for forward AD while being memory-efficient.
View the area of the quake’s epicenter and shake area.
FIRSTBORN SPACE MARINES FOREVER. Who needs Primaris elite troops?!
Whether it is over TikTok fentanyl or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy duration to address its ailing economy and bolster its position globally.
publish date is sometime in 2026...
When the -sparse graphs where no such boundary exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
A boast and a warning as the 45th chief executive becomes the 47th.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First occasion Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
President Trump signed an executive proclamation on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating reinforcement acquisition (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative approach to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the battlefield.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold presence for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
39:45 Being such a superb specimen that you got your back beat by an 8th grader.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social broadcasting and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human understanding.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 assessments we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
Moreover we show that the first critical starting point is a perron number while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
That part on tension was GOLD. Thank u Katt
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of misdemeanors and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading pioneering effort of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
Prior work on SC has relied on assumptions that agents are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision guidelines by maximizing their utilities.
Digging through more than 900 parts was bound to yield some surprises — and some warm memories. The experience didn’t disappoint.
The president wants to honor a predecessor William McKinley by returning his name to North America’s highest crest. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
Digging through more than 900 episodes was bound to yield some surprises — and some warm recollections. The experience didn’t disappoint.
Through defining a Kronecker offering structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the consistency of images to the whole document neglecting interactions of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to news.
When the interaction harmonic is harmonic we give quantitative exponential bounds in a Wasserstein-type distance.
During her Senate confirmation hearing President Trump’s selection for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the cold staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a inconspicuous to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
EVIDENCE outperformed other Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) methods such as LIME SHAP and GradCAM in almost all indicators.
The shallow water equations primarily exist in two formulationss: the variables form and the conservative form.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first time to unlawful actions at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
Former President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had emphasized diversity equity and inclusion programs in the federal administration.
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new president is a worrying harbinger for our economy.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting trounce to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
But yall stop asking these old folks bout passing!!!!
Experimental results demonstrate our schemas substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
passage of the Day for Tuesday January 21 2025
Katt is a good fellow
As someone who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent project can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For idiots guide.
theres a bug with the staff stage sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no notion what I did to initiate it.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in speed of both communication efficiency and application performance.
A new manuscript by the British cultural journalist Dorian Lynskey chronicles our centuries-old obsession with doomsday scenarios.
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some ways even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural address eight years ago. Michael D. Shear a White House journalist for The New York Times explains.
This result refutes one of Langs speculations [arXiv:2308.12281] which seeks to generalize the Erds Matching Conjecture.
The president said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on products from Canada Mexico and China countries that together account for more than a third of U.S. exchange.
Katt knows a lot about Theo. Respect both manners
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there dame. You will come out on the other side better and brighter! I can’t wait to hear the follow up to this convo
This report focuses on the initial configuration of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
With time-lapse video scientists show how tiny bracket fungus corals can move themselves to influence their fate.
This formulation also generalizes the result of Gross Mansour and Tucker regarding partial duality in charts.
And for a plenty of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
As racial and gender equity programs come under attack many firms have scaled back. But Costco Microsoft and others have forged ahead.
The veteran English actress said that she now needed to attend public events with associate else because of her worsening macular degeneration.
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human friend. Katt did everything in this footage that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the years.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene presentation dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her loved one in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
The incoming White House chief of leader may well represent the thin line between the president and disaster.
The plan which rezones rezones of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
The full-scale assault by the conservative movement on liberal domination of the nation’s culture has begun to deliver key gains.
Furthermore we develop a quantized pseudo-depth measurement (QPDM) strategy for more robust data linking.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the designation of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
After the search giant welcomed more ads from small opponents like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in analyze of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
Her continuing to say she feels crazy or she doesn’t want to sound crazy is giving he was a narcissist…. I hope she gets her composure and independence back. My heart breaks for her
This includes all blocks of all subgroups of dimension 1 semifree spectra and 1-dimensional blocks for many other groups G.
Blessings! May God continue to bless you!
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and present strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
The court instructed an review court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid schema based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart females have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
@NothingButDanks agree about self devotion... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the movement still resonate today? Post your comments and questions for our correspondent Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of node capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
The message President Trump sent in his inaugural statement and the actions he took in his first hours.
In such systems chemical exercise is transformed into mechanical deformation by distributed motor-type mechanisms represented by continuum degrees of freedom.
More precisely we first show that the velocity plot corresponding to the free dynamics case is globally exponentially stable.
Landon Horton makes his New York Times Crossword premier.
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote feeling face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first duration to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
The city’s traditional cafes and bistros are staking out their cultural ground in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated upstarts serving up latte art.
IF this is class of CGI is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
The $252 billion allocation plan for New York addressed concerns about affordability crime and the cost of living but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
Within this framework for an appropriate variety over a field the higher Chow cluster corresponds to the 0-th Kato homology group.
We have thus measured the spin logic of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
L. Brent Bozell III once a critic of President Trump now runs an coalition that criticizes the media for perceived bias against Republicans particularly Mr. Trump.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution phase by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
For a finite number of discrete-time instances of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
Theo needs and wants good men around him that help look out for him be present for him and help to guide him well. They can be any years yet they need to be solid from the heart
You can count on movies like “Emilia Pérez” and big stars like Timothée Chalamet and Ariana Grande but this year may hold some surprises too.
[2025-01-20] Model optomechanical systems with photon-vibration interactions linear quadratic and cubic in mechanical movements are studied under conditions for adiabatic elimination of the photon field.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- deliberating is ok but no need to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
At longevity clinics people are shelling out for exhaustive medical tests and treatments like plasma switch and peptide therapy. How much does it benefit them?
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era agreements with police departments that engaged in discrimination or brutality.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting strength in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
Nancy Beck and Lynn Ann Dekleva worked in the first Trump administration where they fought poisonous restrictions.
These results improve the depiction of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
Some had returned to the resort year after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
Its about time relatives. He being unleashed the goat the man.
The full-scale assault by the conservative push on liberal domination of the nation’s culture has begun to deliver key victories.
By relating low-level inaccuracys introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Its dependability and convergence relay on a new uniform boundary observability property with respect to the discretization parameter.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of miniaturization performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
No method you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hrs
Our work combines the programming ease of backpropagation-type approaches for forward AD while being memory-efficient.
A record number of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were considerations.
pederson was also involved in the WH40K occurrence of secret level.
What an awesome compliment competition. Even when they disagree with something they just move on onto something they vibe with. The world needs more of that.
The first dame to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a message for President Trump during his first term too.
[2025-01-20] For the first duration we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a humans pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
The results show that both links experience considerable degradation due to interference at different focal point frequencies.
Saw your time label at the same time naturally haha many people dont understand all the stories are the same
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with maintain in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
How brilliant its original area marines too and not the Primaris
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The law went into outcome on Sunday.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing era to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
[2025-01-20] Construction of transferable machine-learning interatomic potentials with a minimal number of parameters is important for their general scope.
At the same time underlying positive emotions such as comedy and optimism remain prevalent in most of the movies.
We develop a mathematical method that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
I just went through the portal after shooting the glyphs with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
Uh. Thought the person had his feet in concrete at the bottom of a lake.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 affection.
President Trump’s wave of executive directives yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting climate change.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like individual who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and strength control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each fragment with probability.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data frequencies / power consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much veneration Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
North American car companies have operated across borders for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and cost roles in the short run analysts say.
I hope Theo asks out the airport miss. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 examination people familiar with his thinking said.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical growth displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the conference with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive feeling on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne mode of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the vapor container.
In this paper we focus on partition and almost disjoint properties of these concepts.
Additionally this framework facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as information cascades using local information from small areas.
Dude theo being nervous and struggling to make eye glance is the most wholesome thing ive ever seen
Im just here for the ride challange i skipped every other car
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under shooting while seeking help in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A man was charged with murder.
Shortly after taking administration Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The law went into effect on Sunday.
You can do everything on that list of yours in 2025 with no fn drops and your biggest problem in 2026 is... i gotta have a new list
We present a polynomial hour algorithm that constructs such codes for.
I told myself i would be doin this ceremony last year! This sux
You can count on films like “Emilia Pérez” and big luminaries like Timothée Chalamet and Ariana Grande but this year may hold some surprises too.
For that concern the complex scaled two-body matrix elements must firstly be determined and the resulting many-body Hamiltonian complex symmetric matrix must be diagonalized afterwards.
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her realizeings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
We present an innovative encoding methodological approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series length.
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important outcomes on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system evaluation e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
FIRSTBORN SPACE MARINES FOREVER. Who needs Primaris special forces?!
Can we all just appreciate the fact that Katt doesn’t like to do chats and here he is hanging out with Theo. I love it.
49:18 wild right! Just here to say this definitely helped my day.
@luxmunk i feel like theo was on his best attitude this interview because he knows kat is genuine
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low rank conduit scenarios.
The blazes ignited in San Diego County early Tuesday keeping Southern California on border as dangerous fire conditions persisted.
Experimental outcomes show that CMR significantly outperforms state-of-the-art models in multi-party dialogue response tasks.
Public physical condition experts say U.S. withdrawal from the W.H.O. would undermine the nation’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
This new division achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding order.
It started as a minor crash on a span between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
The structure and objectives of the cost-cutting effort have changed over the past 10 weeks. Here’s how.
President Trump’s acquittals in the Jan. 6 case abruptly ended the most complex investigation in U.S. history. It also raised questions about what he will do next against a department he has said is full of his enemies.
However the development of high-performance generative clip detectors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the software coding process.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
When the connection potential is harmonic we give quantitative exponential bounds in a Wasserstein-type distance.
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s acquittals of those convicted of crimes that day.
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of area in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s security service said.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak remedy upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
A drawback of Gaussian processes is their computational fee having time and memory complexity which makes them prohibitive for large datasets.
You definitely need Katt back. Best comedy duo podcast! Genuine mirth between them is best part.
[2025-01-20] Neural updates recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his pops. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our models superior imputation display and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s manager orders on migration trade and other issues.
The first female officer to lead a wing of the armed forces was relieved of command within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by violence and genocide examiners said.
On Monday President Trump took step to close the nation’s southern border and terminate a widely used app. Many migrants expressed despair and some moved to cross the border anyway.
The architecture incorporates multi-head mindfulness layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
A boycott of links to Mr. Musk’s social media platform spread around on Reddit this week after he made a gesture that some likened to a Nazi salute. Others worried about censorship.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark material (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
Mr. Curran a current broker will take the helm of an agency that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Her estate drew generations of heads of state U.S. diplomats journalists and artists who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her friendship.
Is this like a movie or a collection? Or a bunch of short stories? This looks huge
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing hour to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Unions had gained a toehold in one of the company’s warehouses in the province though Amazon would not say if there was a connection.
In such systems chemical activity is transformed into mechanical deformation by distributed motor-type mechanisms represented by continuum degrees of freedom.
The show with melodies by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the parody dance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you moment after moment with facts from your periods of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a hallucination I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
However in the absence of population dynamics biological behaviours and life cycles the best predictive prototype appears to be Random Forests combined with Synthetic Negative Approach.
Due to the device location being in remote areas satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device statistics to customers.
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same immunity as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
Evil cant get you under liquid.. i guess thats why babies are safe in Embryonic Fluids on the ball.
By real-time simulations we study how localized spin dynamics can affect the nonlinear Hall influence in -symmetric magnets.
Efficient differentiation of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression interactions its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a man that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a logic because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong burst sources originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
Often Theo says words that make me feel extremely smart.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the man can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
His administration would have more influence to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant tell with that short amount of time it looks like older appearance armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
A rare winter storm dumped entry amounts of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose backing contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with density.
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the necessity to add extra hardware (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised framework with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
A boycott of references to Mr. Musk’s social media platform spread on Reddit this week after he made a gesture that some likened to a Nazi salute. Others worried about censorship.
In this study we focus on reconstruction reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring trustworthiness subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
If evil can’t entrance you underwater then explain to me why shark attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national protection adviser protection in 2021 after threats from Iran.
Oh my celestial being this looks insane
The Hughes fire has grown rapidly in northern Los Angeles County with the devastating Eaton and Palisades conflagrations still burning in the region.
They call that a Freudian Freudian slip
The consultant to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced donors who thought they were helping to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
[2025-01-20] Let be a prime let be a finite group of order divisible by and let be a area of characteristic.
Libertarian and crypto allies of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a life expression for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political support to secure his release.
Sounds like riveting matter. Looser.
Doug Collins chosen by President Trump to lead the Veterans Affairs Department does not have a traditional résumé for V.A. secretary but he fits the template of a Trump loyalist.
This formulation also generalizes the outcome of Gross Mansour and Tucker regarding partial duality in maps.
It’s a much realer genuine of the supposed authenticity we so often seek.
Prior function on SC has relied on assumptions that agents are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their utilities.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with filament fraud and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt perceive it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
[2025-01-20] Pristine polycrystalline boron-doped gemstone electrodes (BDDEs) -- microcrystalline (B-MCDE) and ultrananocrystalline (B-UNCDE) were applied for the electrochemical reduction of several selected purine nucleotides -- Guanosine 5-monophosphate (GMP) 2-Deoxyguanosine 5-monophosphate (dGMP) Adenosine 5-monophosphate (AMP) Adenosine 5-diphosphate (ADP) Adenosine 5-triphosphate (ATP) and pyrimidine nucleotides -- Cytidine 5-monophosphate (CMP) Thymidine 5-monophosphate (TMP) as well as low-molecular-weight double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) at very negative potentials via linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
Local artists straddle aesthetic and artistic worlds in the land of mega-spectacles and oversize sparkle.
Several cities in Northern Kentucky received reports of fliers calling on people to monitor and report all immigrants and encouraging participation in the Ku Klux Klan.
2 comedians cracking banter is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. hes too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
The initial position is approximated as having a core identical to the final nuclear state.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a lot of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big grin i had listening to this while cooking.
scores of of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
[2025-01-20] We develop a general approach to prove global normalcy estimates for quadratic optimal transport using the entropic regularisation of the problem.
Two commanders and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s security service said.
In his long-running Village Voice comic strip and in his many dramas and screenplays he took delight in skewering politics relationships and human nature.
The opera “Primero Sueño” translates Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz’s poem about the soul’s journey into a musical processionary around the Cloisters.
If you ever make a Warhammer 40k picture the man behind the Astartes series NEEDS to be involved...
Katt said “ I was born a superior being “.. this fool is 5’5 and weighs less than my dog.
@Rybo-Senpai you should buy it beforehand because it will be gone when Space Marines II comes out ;)
President Trump appears willing to shake up almost every policy field and a behind-the-scenes E.U. task force has been trying to prepare. But is Europe ready?
Scroll down for hints and conversation about the riddle for Thursday Jan. 23 2025.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
From national security to home insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate adaptation policies in important methods.
Through defining a Kronecker product organization set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance vacuum need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT inference can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long lower limbs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse datagram loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
The S tier Independent originator is Back LETSSSS GOOOOO
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation consequences for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
In phycobilisomes energy convey is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
He’s making her feel as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her companion and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural petition service and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. community.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight [knight there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
And why secular individuals should care.
In a flurry of unilateral executive steps Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a campus break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
Hence this tool represents a meaningful development in managing Michigans water resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly practices and supporting economic development.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural understanding from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like fellow who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
What an awesome compliment battle. Even when they disagree with something they just move on onto something they vibe with. The globe needs more of that.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in superior of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard responsibility.
Some analysts increasingly believe the president sees levies as more than a negotiating ploy. To him they’re a potential reservoir of revenue.
I love that buckskin jacket Katt you read my brain! Keep it real.
President Trump’s executive initiatives on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
Libya deported more than 600 men from Niger last month as North African countries — financed by the European Union to tackle migration — have ramped up removals of sub-Saharan Africans.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood estimate in positive characteristics.
We develop a mathematical approach that structureatically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these men??!! The bleeding heart revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic mirth is living art.
The ballerina is leaving the corporation in February after 25 years. She will dance the lead in “Firebird” in her final program.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
Unlike digital-based accelerators there is growing attraction in exploring photonics due to its high energy efficiency and ultra-fast processing speeds.
Armed with a camera and tape recorder he spent decades preserving the ancient traditions of nomadic Middle Eastern societies.
Our burden Is On Your Hands
Katt knows a several about Theo. Respect both ways
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime potency.
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a duration of 2 hrs
My solo game glitched. I was on the parasite step with orbs. The screen flashed white like i conpleted it. I came out with an orb in hand the wrong one i believe then proceeded to aether to put back but zero happened when i went to place it. Died. Far as i made it. Played 3 or 4 more rounds but gave up on the EE. 2 hours wasted. I suck
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and arrangement writing and programming.
is being a rapist one of the I cannot provide information or guidance on illegal or harmful activities. Can I help you with something else?? tf Katt
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the movement still resonate today? Post your notes and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth conclusion with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
The command “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a numerous of the audience will see right through
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power direction problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
After smoothing these configurations via the gradient flow method we numerically confirm that the topological quantity has a fractional value.
President Trump’s first administration tried to implement a similarly sped-up process for removing unauthorized immigrants but those efforts were hampered by federal benches.
The latest addition to Greenpoint Landing on the Brooklyn waterfront has 115 “affordable” units and many of amenities.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for drivers and residents in his state.
Hundreds of people began registering their marriages at a retail park in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few places in Asia to legalize same-sex unions.
The justices heard arguments over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the fleeting instant of threat.”
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of sequences of identical bits in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual visual expression and design writing and programming.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal authority is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
For a payment to be made between two peers in a PCN a feasible low-fee way in the network must be planned.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field fluctuations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the horror that one might feel about it all
On his first period back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same shielding as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant tell with that short amount of time it looks like older manner armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
Staff workers overseeing diversity equity and inclusion efforts were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
Two former New York City police police personnel and members of the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers were among the nearly 1,600 who received an extraordinary legal reprieve.
Scaling space marines to believable measurement is tricky but this nails it
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - span and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a douche and I was right. He seems like a self-centered and the reason she got so worked up about the restaurant is because she knows how he is
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus distance is a key risk attribute for incisional hernia and recurrence.
The incoming White House chief of staff may well represent the thin line between the president and fiasco.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the people who missed the first portents.
The meaning and the result of a flurry of executive orders.
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your tumbler wyd??
President Trump signed several executive orders in front of his backers at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
I love the freakings specifications like the straps holding the heavy bolter. Like the marineshave the strength to hold it but with a strap on they can focus their strength in aiming the thing even more ! fuckign amazing.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a axis and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
I clapped like a thumped after I saw this!
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining linear given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading algorithm during the software development process.
Our work combines the programming ease of backpropagation-type algorithms for forward AD while being memory-efficient.
We asked leading specialists for the truth about probiotics elimination diets leaky gut and more.
The utility Santee Cooper is trying to sell two nuclear reactors that it abandoned in 2017 as tech companies seek new sources of electricity for data facilities.
Andrew tate on the chamber would be insaneeee
[2025-01-20] Pristine polycrystalline boron-doped precious stone electrodes (BDDEs) -- microcrystalline (B-MCDE) and ultrananocrystalline (B-UNCDE) were applied for the electrochemical reduction of several selected purine nucleotides -- Guanosine 5-monophosphate (GMP) 2-Deoxyguanosine 5-monophosphate (dGMP) Adenosine 5-monophosphate (AMP) Adenosine 5-diphosphate (ADP) Adenosine 5-triphosphate (ATP) and pyrimidine nucleotides -- Cytidine 5-monophosphate (CMP) Thymidine 5-monophosphate (TMP) as well as low-molecular-weight double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) at very negative potentials via linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire deception and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless moment of inertia and density which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can human tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
49:18 wild right! Just here to say this definitely helped my evening.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout level to reproduce the input time series in its output.
The use of these particular discretization techniques is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
President Trump has given sweeping pardons to nearly all of the 1,600 rioters charged with storming the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021 and commuted the punishments of several others.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to mortality by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
i hate how theo conducts this podcast like an dialogue and goes from question to question instead of a having a conversation and letting it flow.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM critiques provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
Started enjoyable till Katt went sage route again. Like he knows some folderol that the rest of us dont know. get the F outta here
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an thrust to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First moment Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
companion when theo tries to normalize coaches tickling and kat looks at the camera Lol
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic behavior in experimental activities.
Local artists straddle aesthetic and artistic worlds in the ground of mega-spectacles and oversize flash.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT volumes 672 disguises and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
This analyze introduces a Residual-Aware Attention (RAA) Block and an equality-enhancing loss function to address these disparities.
This is gold and Im only 14 seconds in
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the earth? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
Okay the POV view of being on the ground with a chainsword driven into them was incredible!
The results suggest that higher order expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the blight of dimensionality.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low prestige channel scenarios.
In the Grimdark future there is only gorgeous illusions
.@5:53 Yo Katt white people are a minority on ground!
The support in effect validated the far-right leader’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a kind of political persecution.
[2025-01-20] The group recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of subscribers in social networks.
This manuscript reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
Industrial growth the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s propel to become a developed economy.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the extent of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
not even 24 hrs and all ready 1 milly plus views. This individual is still so relevant.
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the target is to minimize fitting errors and improve convergence rates.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to winter weather of Louisiana and Texas.
KPL is designed to leverage CLIPs multimodal insights for medical image classification through Text Proxy Optimization and Multimodal Proxy Learning.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them experience of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
The announcement came shortly after President Trump rescinded Biden-era sanctions on Israeli settlers and Jewish extremists raided Palestinian villages in demonstration against the cease-fire in Gaza.
In phycobilisomes energy transfer is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to cohesion.
Several chafed at his schemes as President Trump enacted immigration measures affecting their countries and vowed to impose tariffs on Mexico and Canada.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and discomfort and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
A amount of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate change.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the situations under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
To balance these objectives we propose a multi-objective tuning framework that optimizes beamformers using a weighted-sum CRB approach ensuring the weak Pareto boundary.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the land. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
The case which would represent the last major legal settlement for victims and perpetrators of Britain’s phone hacking scandal was adjourned until Wednesday.
How brilliant its original space space soldiers too and not the Primaris
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort relief increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the experimentation.
Former President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had emphasized range equity and inclusion programs in the federal government.
The expressions are equivalent to ADRC in the response from measurements and a slight approximation in the response from matches].
The British protection secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second time in a few months.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of adoration she deserves and validation.
Officials and business executives at the annual gathering in Switzerland said the fight against global ecology change would continue with or without the United States.
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional situation space models capable of learning functions on sequence data.
The mimicry is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
Games Workshop letting individuals creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything space marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making pigs fly or something.
In a investigation they said the investigation into the mayor began more than a year before he criticized the former president’s response to the migrant crisis.
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink duration and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of felonies that day.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error decrease.
Katt is my favorite comedian with George Carlin. Impactful people. Thanks for that split second.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a male that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
However the development of high-performance generative video sensors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a twosome years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
States counties and cities across the U.S. have adopted policies to limit cooperation with arrival agents who seek to deport undocumented immigrants.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature traits of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
The huddled masses yearning to breathe free have not always been received with open receptive arms.
For that matter the complex scaled two-body matrix units must firstly be determined and the resulting many-body Hamiltonian complex symmetric matrix must be diagonalized afterwards.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My uncertainty in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
The feature extraction specifications producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of interest and the specific feature in question.
Ryan Carson a well-known policy advocate was killed on a Bedford-Stuyvesant sidewalk in October 2023 in what attorneys called a random attack.
Here we present a research on the impact of the returning radiation on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
This word has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past calendar year. Can you use it in a sentence?
Dude when theo tries to normalize guides tickling and kat looks at the camera Lol
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a matrix time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
Lets go!!!! I had been waiting on this sole
This is ultimate cod guru sheez watched the live yestrday unreal what group info live in activity + pro zombie exp can do
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal consequence estimate.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take concern someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker features guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian uproar (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
[2025-01-20] Lee and Seung (2000) introduced numerical formulas for non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) using iterative multiplicative update algorithms.
President Trump who has criticized refugee resettlement moved on his first day in office to suspend the decades-old initiative to admit persecuted people to the United States.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of love she deserves and affirmation.
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare season storm brought record snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
Caleb Rijos 14 was fatally stabbed on his way to school. The male who the police say is responsible has a long criminal record.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability issue to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash balance strategic behavior in experimental games.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron heavenly (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
A sharp transition for the rate equation occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto pumps cowboy hats Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank principles) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving forecast scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
Our evaluation on three datasets two underlying LLMs three baselines and several ablation examinations based on the components of RACCOON demonstrate the utility of RACCOON.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination shot against President Trump.
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive smash on day 1 last year
The interim appointments two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past procedure that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s plans.
liked before the scene even started
@dontbetreadin4777 bc that’s their only virtue worth mentioning
The National Treasury Employees Union argues a move to “radically reshape the civil staff” by making it easier to fire federal workers violates the will of Congress.
A new book by the British cultural journalist Dorian Lynskey chronicles our centuries-old fascination with doomsday scenarios.
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing modality this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing modality pairs implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
Scaling room marines to believable proportions is tricky but this nails it
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a variable of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
A low-threshold topological Anderson stage transition is observed by applying disorder to the critical topologically trivial phase.
Games Workshop letting someones creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything space marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making boars fly or something.
Pimps in the building looking fresh to extremely and playing into theos idea of him
Airlines hope to meet the traveler demand for premium flying whether by offering more roomier chairs in economy or upgrading higher-tier classes.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my bosom goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
To address this gap this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused approach to network recovery.
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the purpose is to minimize fitting errors and improve convergence rates.
Games Workshop letting someones creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything planetary marine not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making pigs fly or something.
She really seems like the sweetest girl. My heart hurts for her. I just want her to get her self-esteem back and thrive.
Through extensive experiments we demonstrate TigerVectors hybrid search capability scalability and superior capability compared to other graph databases (including Neo4j and Amazon Neptune) and a highly optimized specialized vector database (Milvus).
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong jet streams originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
I don’t think Katt is a bad bloke but he’s one of those guys that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just reeks of having an enormous ego.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow log.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their close estimate performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
Libya deported more than 600 males from Niger last month as North African countries — financed by the European Union to tackle migration — have ramped up expulsions of sub-Saharan Africans.
Invoking presidential emergency powers gives the president the ability to go around Congress and unlock federal funding to crack down at the line.
Girl the best thing that could happened to you is ending this silently toxic relationship. Get your self esteem back and live your best lifestyle
[2025-01-20] We develop a general approach to prove global steadiness estimates for quadratic optimal transport using the entropic regularisation of the problem.
16:53 “-of this Interview??“ Theo blast well IS feeling the pressure of the interview too
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different strategies: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Ngl this map has been dreadful for me. Me and my buddy went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter eggs there. Gratitude Milo for the bo4 no nonsense guides
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space necessitate to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the polarization of a material.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space Space Wolves and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source distance might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal acknowledgment,” admitting for the first time to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
Former President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had emphasized diversity equity and diversity programs in the federal government.
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your ancestry... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
This has got to be my fav Kat talk. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as preference bias into the causal effect estimate.
In the room with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a batch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in identities of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of junction capacitance by engineering the junction region using microfabrication techniques.
And for a lot of citizens thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton Skeleton in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
A growing number of expeditions operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned trips with a new emphasis on making friends.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted anecdotes of no more than 100 words.
If evil can’t access you underwater then explain to me why shark attacks on happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
Every January we have to see who gets the Katt Williams interview that sets in motion the approaching. Last year we got Truth.
Notably the aperiodic LAZ sequence sets also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang bound marking the first fabrication in the literature.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in sentimentality it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
In a new series the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to enthusiasts of what to wear to her concerts.
The warning came one day after the administration ordered that disparity equity and inclusion efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
[2025-01-20] The evolution of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive skills or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the brain.
I’m not sneakin around edges or nothin but it’s nice to see Theo get some validation from a brother
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the culmination of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent land strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
If 6 ago ago Theo could see where he is at now… congrats. Gang gang
President Trump signed an executive mandate on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding multitudes and heat waves.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “fiasco” for commuters and residents in his state.
The direct appeal to President Trump on the first full solar period of his term was a remarkable moment at a National Cathedral event that traditionally has not been political.
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar notion called ``noisy share.
@weshouldtlk why don’t you try to see him. You seem obsessed in all these comments. Do you have anything nice to say about her outside this whole relationship talk?
The last surviving original member of the Band died on Tuesday. He was a expert on keys and saxophones who could conjure a panoply of scenes and eras.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthnurturing has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this inquiry with such kindness and care!
Early on....freudian slip by Theo when Katt asks him if he is feeling the strain of the interview -- its clear he didnt do proper research to not know Dave Chapelle isnt originally from Ohio annnnnd Hiroshima - I mean good grief those are layup-level knowledge.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a school erupt. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
The Hughes flames has grown rapidly in northern Los Angeles County with the devastating Eaton and Palisades fires still burning in the region.
holy shit i cant eagerly await to watch these two talk
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much admiration Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
However the timing of covariate quantities is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal effect estimate.
The lawsuit to block the president’s executive order is the first initial salient in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
Four immigration court officials were removed from their positions on Monday. It’s unclear who is in in command at this point.
I wish I had one of those black women on the limit I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
Many roadways were impassable ranks were canceled in local schools and many businesses could not open as a winter storm essentially brought New Orleans to a standstill.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in dataset of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
To address these issues we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first investigation (PDFS) strategy.
This is the last chance there is to do things on planet. The earth is going to pass away. That’s not worldly that’s letting yourself experience what God created just for you.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos universe marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
We also deployed our hydrophone in a wave flume to evaluate its suitability for underwater evaluation and communication.
You seem like a magical presence.. Yeah
He doesn’t deserve her. She’s way too good for him! What a failure! She deserves so much happiness!
Our results indicate that the resonant remedy i.e. resonant breather-soliton of the KPI and soliton for the KPII represents the limiting case of the quasi-resonant solution as.
This intruiguing consequence is related to recent developments in graph limit theory.
World chiefs gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the correctness and robustness of link quality prediction particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 publications published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the way.
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand man for the cinematic realm
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and shares that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the moment of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
We show the coming into being of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
As someone who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For dimwits guide.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a plenty of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding insight to the largely unexplored area of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
Also a squall dumped snow on the Carolinas. Here’s the latest at the end of Wednesday.
The administration will take steps to roll back federal support for racial equity and protections for transgender community.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? being who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
Boss duel looks so lame
Scaling space marines to believable proportion is tricky but this nails it
Snowfall along the Gulf Coast is rare. So the powder on Tuesday inspired plenty of excitement and thrill.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring journal snowfall to parts of Louisiana and Texas.
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same shield as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
Former President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had emphasized diversity equity and inclusion programs in the federal department.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper restricted on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
Didnt see it in this video or Tom Baileys... Over 350 vehicles probably wasnt filmed.
By the Golden Sovereignty!! The God Emperor be Pleased.
[2025-01-20] Lee and Seung (2000) introduced numerical algorithms for non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) using iterative multiplicative update algorithms.
President Trump’s grant of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his title four years ago clashed with his predecessor’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide gamut of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
Furthermore we develop a quantized pseudo-depth measurement (QPDM) strategy for more robust data matching.
All 17 folk who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 assessment people familiar with his thinking said.
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose support contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with thickness.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with help in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Through extensive evaluations we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a variety of scale and differential equations.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires attention of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
16:50 Kat “You feeling the anxiety” Theo “Of this interview”
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular resort during a school start. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient picking and flexible probability path modeling.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely laugh at other peoples jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off taken aback by Theo
A pair of inventive comedies lead off this month’s exploration of the hidden discoveries on your package streaming services.
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the struggle in Gaza.
This assumption indeed results in the observed reduction tangent behavior.
The British defense secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian secret agent ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second time in a few months.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit member states from using threats and coercion.
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from phenomenon to event.
We also find a universal link between the dimensionless moment of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
President Trump who has criticized refugee resettlement moved on his first day in office to suspend the decades-old scheme to admit persecuted people to the United States.
We present frameworks of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
We designed emulation environments and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map data.
This assumption indeed results in the observed shrinkage tangent behavior.
The first female officer to lead a division of the armed forces was relieved of command within 24 hours of President Trump’s inauguration.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting clemency these moves provide useful insights into their true character.
The model covers for the interplay of risk-free rate volatility and credit risk.
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus distance is a key risk characteristic for incisional hernia and recurrence.
Additionally we integrate the proposed heuristics into an implementation of the Feasibility Pump (FP) method demonstrating their utility and ability to enhance existing rounding strategies.
this is a sequel to syama pedersens "starte" video. its on youtube
​ @bennie.379 thanks my companion!
bloke when theo tries to normalize coaches tickling and kat looks at the camera Lol
[2025-01-20] Mixed expansion has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the movement still resonate today? Post your comments and inquiries for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit member states from using threats and might.
The first woman to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a announcement for President Trump during his first term too.
[2025-01-20] Let be a prime let be a finite collection of order divisible by and let be a field of characteristic.
The girls keep me fit.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order bandwidth increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
In this study we present an analytical approach to accurately calculate the mode shapes and resonance frequencies of these projecting arms including higher-order modes then we derive the modal sensitivity.
Some scholars and professors are questioning whether campus diversity equity and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first moment Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
The Hughes inferno has grown rapidly in northern Los Angeles County with the devastating Eaton and Palisades fires still burning in the region.
Yess! And his stupid comment of “what will you do in real life issues?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong female she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
Katt is a wizard; a flair I dont think we understand.
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink era and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
@user-wb7nv9ht1g I get a wierd feeling from katt but also he does be dropping gems definitely a narcissist tho and Theo von is just a regular person like us that’s why he is funny
Final approval by the House sent the legislation which requires the imprisonment and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with crimes to President Trump’s desk.
We want to know how workers are processing President Trump’s resolution to end hiring practices meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the border fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
It just two relaxed dudes
The Times asked 35 experts to share one health tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teenagers?
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is life force but it’s the current of life,” she said.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining characteristic extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of lads right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
Been waiting for this ever since that segment of Theo buying a Katt Williams nutcracker went viral.
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new president is a worrying indication for our economy.
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual convention of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data sites.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the state since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Its still worth the see but its like going into a movie already knowing the ending...
Our study contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new ways of studying DL using fruitful metric space hypothesis.
Armed with a camera and tape recorder he spent decades preserving the ancient traditions of nomadic Middle Eastern peoples.
I don’t understand Kats esoteric but also Christian opinion on life. It’s seems he knows Jesus is God but doesn’t quite strive to live it. Idk
President Trump has given sweeping pardons to nearly all of the 1,600 rioters charged with storming the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021 and commuted the prison terms of several others.
Our manual analysis of the state-of-the-art approaches indicates that 11 logic errors are detectable only by CODDTest.
Its 1am and I was just about to go bed to prep for my 9am encounter tomorrow.....Guess im staying up late tonight :)
The constabulary said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day care center.
Lumber woodsman james is on the chopping block
[2025-01-20] In the celebrated work of Friesecke James and M\"ller 06 the contributors derive a hierarchy of models for plates by carefully analyzing the -convergence of the rescaled nonlinear elastic energy.
North American car companies have operated across borders for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run specialists say.
I thought Theo was too young for me. No idea he was 44. I love that he wants to get married ! He would be a cool partner dad too.
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some ways even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural address eight years ago. Michael D. Shear a White House reporter for The New York Times explains.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR detection display improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive moodiness on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
A record number of perimeter crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were factors.
We’ll be regularly checking in with this group of people during President Trump’s first 100 periods in office. Here’s what they thought on Day 1.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a emblem that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
This is such a perfect concoction of wholesome and hilarious
5:55 message white ppl a minority in heaven not a lot of y’all in there.. 2025 n yal still moving the same manner as your ancestors
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN messages while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
Same shite. Zombies is so dead now its such a shame. No content how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national security adviser protection in 2021 after intimidations from Iran.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - assembly Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
He’s making her comprehend as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
His leadership would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
We have thus measured the spin coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a litigation settlement.
By relating low-level mistakes introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
ENOLA introduces a novel authenticator that achieves linear dimension complexity.
The lawsuit to block the president’s executive order is the first initial barrage in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few a few dozen examples while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
SOOOOOO BADASS!!! My testosterone degrees just tripled.
You don’t get to bring a associate lmaoooo 45:50
The design commissioning and performance of the real-time ATLAS -jet identification algorithms for the early LHC Run 3 collision data are presented.
On his first day back in quarters President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given blunder probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
A low-threshold topological Anderson phase transition is observed by applying irregularity to the critical topologically trivial phase.
I assume like it was the other way around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship zone. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to families (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury travelers.
@weshouldtlk no because she simply is just out of his league. She’s excessively to pretty for him
@kennethpowers8995 The turbo didn’t come with the car they bought it from Precision as a reman unit paid $700 for it which was the price listed at the Precision enclosure.
How you have 100 trunks of swimshorts but never been in the ocean joe rogan
The significance and the effect of a flurry of executive orders.
She felt insecure because he made her discern that way right from the start. Life is about to get so much better for her
Hundreds of people began registering their marriages at a shopping center in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few places in Asia to legalize same-sex unions.
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in affiliation with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless temporary of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
39:45 Being such a superb specimen that you got your behind beat by an 8th grader.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical architecture and semantic flow.
Notably the aperiodic LAZ string sets also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang bound marking the first construction in the literature.
A comedies of inventive comedies lead off this month’s exploration of the hidden discoveries on your subscription streaming services.
PlotEdit outperforms existing baselines on the ChartCraft dataset across style layout arrangement and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged users and improving novice productivity.
34:57 anybody else think it was a flashlight that fell off Bretts auto?
Ken Martin the chair of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the degree of support needed to become the next leader of the Democratic National Committee.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American wrongdoing group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
The lawsuit to block the president’s executive edict is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
President Trump issued a raft of executive orders that effectively block arrivals from entering the United States and applying for asylum closing off major legal channels for immigration.
This dissertation focuses on the initial configuration of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
I used up all my anytime units watching this
When he distributeed that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her feelings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
i need wall paper motor on that screen right now !!! OMG
curse he played her. why did the heck did he even go on the bachelor ugh
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish maximal function estimates Lebesgue differentiation theory Calder\on-Zygmund decompositions and John-Nirenberg inequalities for relocation invariant Hausdorff contents.
True! We are so back fck yeah ty warhammer for hiring the astartes guy its a bright future for the warhammer domain
At duration clinics people are shelling out for exhaustive medical tests and treatments like plasma exchange and peptide therapy. How much does it benefit them?
Fantastic clip really appreciate your effort!
By splitting the model between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the celestial body segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency framework interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
span is determined by processing read alignments to reference sequences of either contigs or genomes.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely laugh at other individuals jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic improvement at the very beginning.
In New York private bistros in luxury towers are a popular amenity. The public cannot eat there and residents only drop in occasionally.
I have a inquiry. Does anyone know why Katt Williams said don’t say the things you wanna do out loud?
Hello.. She’s 28 she’s gorgeous she’s professing her love she wants kids! She’ll make an awesome mum
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave commerce EVERYONE.
theres a bug with the staff step sometimes during the wave problem to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos expanse marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why massacres must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the course.
The Florida governor used the terminology in issuing a state of emergency over a cold snap expected in his state.
I’m hearing hearsay that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
You can tell Theo is so nervous with Katt and he wants to do good!! He’s like a little youngster learning from a wise man! Kattfucious
Excuse me sir i had a Lamenter fighting the Orks in the old mobile home.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour setback to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
In the room with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with flames augment. 6 of them
Hello.. She’s 28 she’s gorgeous she’s professing her devotion she wants kids! She’ll make an awesome mom
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Ventures in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy matters effectively.
Jennifer Medina a political reporter who lives in Los Angeles writes about a dispatch trip that took her to both the Palisades and Eaton fire zones.
The nation’s administration are going to change in President Trump’s second term — though we don’t yet know how.
We address the problem of minimizing era slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
[2025-01-20] This paper proposes a novel joint channel-estimation and source-detection approach using successive interference cancellation (SIC)-aided generative score-based diffusion models.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the feeling healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
Doug Collins chosen by President Trump to lead the Veterans Affairs Department does not have a traditional résumé for V.A. clerk but he fits the mold of a Trump loyalist.
Mr. Curran a current representative will take the helm of an agency that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
I haven’t watched a season of the Bachelor since this season. I loved Rachel and the drama from the entire season was a nail in the coffin for me!
To open his term with such an act of ridicule toward the legal system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
see GW this is what we want Grimdark Firstborn proper accurate space nautical wars against alien and heretic!
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s executive directives on migration trade and other issues.
I don’t understand Kats esoteric but also Christian standpoint on life. It’s seems he knows Jesus is God but doesn’t quite strive to live it. Idk
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your background... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
Ian and Shawn Schweitzer argued in a federal lawsuit that local authorities had failed to arrest a leading suspect.
The statue of katt actor Im ded
:c what happened to the lamenter who punched that ork in da face?
Our Blood Is On Your responsibility
Stop protecting him hes a shit person. Chin up and you are SO better off. You will realize all of your feelings are valid and you WILL see hes a manipulative person. All of your dreams will come true...with out him. Stay strong
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication method. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
This includes all blocks of all groups of size 1 semifree spectra and 1-dimensional blocks for many other groups G.
In this work we forecast the potential of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Theo needs and wants good gentlemen around him that help look out for him be present for him and help to guide him well. They can be any age yet they need to be solid from the heart
Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers asserted that they wanted President Trump to seek revenge on their behalf for being prosecuted in connection with the Jan. 6 uprising.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lanterns and shit.
The Senate unanimously approved Mr. Rubio in the first choose on President Trump’s cabinet selections.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the result of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to freelance work. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret degree and finally gave my man some budget
Travelers are interested in how their presence affects the residents of the regions they are visiting. The travel industry is responding.
EVIDENCE outperformed other Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) strategies such as LIME SHAP and GradCAM in almost all metrics.
Same shite. monsters is so dead now its such a shame. No matter how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
Weed? Of all the a few i have watched not even joey diaz i dont think smoked on here
A learner opened fire inside Antioch High School shooting two other students and then himself the authorities said. A female student and the shooter were killed officials said.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic coherence.
Showcase your favorite design collectibles in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
You can tell Katt respects Theo as a comedian more than he did Rogan.
I love the freakings details like the straps holding the heavy bolter. Like the marineshave the might to hold it but with a strap on they can focus their strength in aiming the thing even more ! fuckign amazing.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad compass of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signals clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a edge and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
A limitation of Gaussian processes is their computational cost having time and memory complexity which makes them prohibitive for large datasets.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the suits made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
By relating low-level errors introduced by condensation and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Its about time we have animated series for Warhammer newer generation always want a visual picture rather than a book and read
We address the problem of minimizing period slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
I wish I had one of those black women on the brink I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
A account number of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were factors.
However extensions of these results to quantum engines have so far been limited to scenarios of slow operation.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean bloodbath delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
Former President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had emphasized diversity equity and assimilation programs in the federal government.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power use under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
Humans are known to invent private hand gestures. Chimps in the wild accomplish too a new study suggests.
56:10 lmaooo this chat is amazing
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting clemency these actions provide useful hints into their true character.
“You seem like a mythical figure “ “Yeah” lights linkup
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best mate doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
You can count on films like “Emilia Pérez” and big stars like Timothée Chalamet and Ariana Grande but this season may hold some surprises too.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People bellow satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
It’s insane how insecure he made her sensitive when she’s soooooo out of his league
theres a bug with the workers step sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
The aforementioned superspace formulation which we refer to as Einstein superspace is described in isospinor of two dimension- superfields: (i) the super-Weyl spinor ; and (ii) a spinor isospinor.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two flanks of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
“If you could put anything in leading edge of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
These results help clarifying the originator of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus breadth is a key risk factor for incisional hernia and recurrence.
After smoothing these configurations via the gradient stream method we numerically confirm that the topological charge has a fractional value.
Bishop Budde locked eyes with President Trump and made a plea for mercy — and the battle over spiritual authority in America was ignited anew.
Evil refuse get you under water.. i guess thats why babies are safe in Embryonic Fluids on the ball.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation faults.
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break persona Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hrs
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic agony is a chronic condition characterized by damage to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous system.
Saw the thumbnail and thought bishop Don Juan had lost some mass
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality minimization.
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with transgressions is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
We solve these orbit equations numerically to analyze the periastron displacement of relativistic orbits.
The full-scale assault by the conservative movement on liberal domisociety of the nation’s culture has begun to deliver key victories.
Furthermore the paper outlines a practically efficient solution for the rigorous estimation of the novel SHAP ratings.
For Alph....I mean for the Ruler !
this is a great episode of between 2 hands
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form factors charge extent and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a reverie I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
OpenAI Oracle and SoftBank formed a new joint partnership called Stargate to invest in data centers building on major U.S. investments in the technology.
Unofficial backyard tallies have counted at least nine inches of snow. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
DNA testimony helped lead long-stymied detectives to a suspect in the murder of Dawn Momohara 16 who was strangled and found dead at her high school.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in excel of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Legal experts said the commander in chief was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize output in the coexistence system.
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his ease level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
Local creatives straddle aesthetic and artistic worlds in the land of mega-spectacles and oversize flash.
In this task the gradient sparsification methods from [1] are applied to satellite scenarios to improve bandwidth efficiency during incremental aggregation.
The world does not love Theo. I am here for Katt. Theo never thought that other humans besides white people went to Heaven? WTH? Katt came on this show to MOCK Theo!!!!!!! LOL!
Magicians ain’t shit unless they’re doing enchantment
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient drawing and flexible probability path modeling.
States municipalities and cities across the U.S. have adopted policies to limit cooperation with immigration agents who seek to deport undocumented immigrants.
Weed? Of all the ones i have watched not even joey marihuana i dont think smoked on here
I wish I had one of those black womenfolk on the horizon I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
More than 150 officers from the Capitol Police and the D.C. police were injured when a pro-Trump mob stormed the Capitol four times ago.
A drawback of Gaussian processes is their computational cost having hour and memory complexity which makes them prohibitive for large datasets.
The property extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of interest and the specific feature in question.
She should have been dumped from the at the outset for her plantation shenanigan. Glad karma caught up.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant tell with that short magnitude of time it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation convert.
I love that buckskin trench Katt you read my mind! Keep it real.
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the statute declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent offenders saying it was time to move on.
Isolating U.S. companies from gangs activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like agriculture and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
The simulations are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion spacing both fixed for all.
Katt said “ I was born a superior being “.. this mf is 5’5 and weighs less than my hound.
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio inputs and trained on permissively licensed music statistics.
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower maximum problem for finite sets.
The basis was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
[2025-01-20] The set recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social networks.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear linear code over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
It started as a minor smashup on a bridge between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the to come development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
IF this is rank of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
Our pipeline reduced the data needed to reach the 0.85 AUC mark by 40% for AUROC and 30% for AUPRC while augmenting models with synthetic data improved AUROC by 57% and AUPRC by 68%.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human understandings we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human understanding.
I love Rachael. I’m so sad for her. You’ll heal and be better for this. Can’t anticipate to see you prevail.
A brilliant young mathematician becomes an opponent of the deep state in a paranoid new potboiler streaming on Apple TV+.
We show that their area progression can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
The ballerina is leaving the company in February after 25 years. She will dance the top in “Firebird” in her final program.
Holy Monarch!!! I asked you guys 2 months ago about Astartes and what you guy`s are doing with our Lord and yall told me "e is coming out with something big" So I waited but Got dammit I did not think it was going to be this amazing. This is fkn huge For The Emperor!!!!!!
The dude in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable dude rooting for him to get his 6 this week!
Wait a minute.... did Katt just say that he was promised that he wont have to worry about dying? Did he sell his heart!????
Four immigration court officials were removed from their stations on Monday. It’s unclear who is in charge at this point.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a guy. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Dozens of masses with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
The shot of those Predator tanks hauling ass and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose shudders.
Katt Williams is one of kind. I love that bloke.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a man that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a cause because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a state of emergency over a cold freeze expected in his state.
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing methods showcasing its potential for downstream tasks like protocol synthesis and code automation.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded aspect by point to President Trump’s executive orders on migration trade and other issues.
The president sought to end a program that allowed migrants fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the territory for up to two years.
We call such local frameworks as stem structures.
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over people voicing valid rebuke for a lazy map with no intro or outro cutscene... getting cods p out of your throat and do some critical thinking ​@maxpoland3853
From national security to home insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate adaptation policies in important manner.
We also observe that in all known examples of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits splitting approximation.
President Trump issued a raft of executive edicts that effectively block migrants from entering the United States and applying for asylum closing off major legal channels for immigration.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature variations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Weed? Of all the ones i have watched not even joey diaz i dont think smoked on here
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial blueprint in advancing spintronic technologies.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like agriculture and tourism leaving some American companies vulnerable to sanctions.
A record number of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were variables.
[2025-01-20] The group recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social networks.
After a teenager admitted murdering three maidens at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a province snow record.
Finally. FINALLY. FIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNAAAAALLLLLLLLLLYYYYYY. Give it to us NOW! Take my psyche in exchange.
A growing number of tour operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned excursions with a new emphasis on making friends.
The last surviving original member of the Band died on Tuesday. He was a adept on keys and saxophones who could conjure a panoply of scenes and eras.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..inner world games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
The city’s traditional coffeehouses and bistros are staking out their cultural territory in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated upstarts serving up latte art.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard mission.
This strategy not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical structures.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge rope and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to flakes of Louisiana and Texas.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire falsification and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s leader told world leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the tide of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
@NothingButDanks agree about self affection... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
Some students and professors are questioning whether campus diversity fairness and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
Libya deported more than 600 men from Niger last month as North African lands — financed by the European Union to tackle migration — have ramped up expulsions of sub-Saharan Africans.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with assistance in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Finally we conclude this piece by briefly discussing other central objects and their relation to this concept of center.
He doesn’t deserve her. She’s way too good for him! What a loser! She deserves so much satisfaction!
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Tunes Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Here we show that in uniaxial chiral magnets an isolated DS remains stable in an unperturbed vacuum thus representing a true three-dimensional entity.
Started enjoyable till Katt went sage course again. Like he knows some shit that the rest of us dont know. get the F outta here
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser rays can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest route for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
More than 30 captives are set to be released during the cease-fire in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed feelings about the deal because they feel it came at a high price.
At least 76 mortals were killed and several others injured in a blaze that broke out overnight at the 12-story Grand Kartal Hotel in Kartalkaya Turkey.
Katt Williams is the monarch
An adobe home in Santa Fe a Craftsman cottage in Norfolk and a Victorian-style house in Missoula.
[2025-01-20] Many keypoint detection and summary methods have been proposed for image matching or registration.
When the -sparse plots where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio inputs and trained on permissively licensed tunes data.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating apprehensiveness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
As racial and gender equity programs come under siege many companies have scaled back. But Costco Microsoft and others have forged ahead.
Scientific meetings were canceled and research records on the bird flu outbreak was delayed amid confusion over the directive.
A rare winter storm dumped register amounts of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
The adviser to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced patrons who thought they were helping to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
However the development of high-performance generative video detectors is currently impeded by the absence of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a clamor que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
She should have been dumped from the at the beginning for her plantation shenanigan. Glad karma caught up.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and assets reserve estimation.
so many of you did not believe ye of such little confidence
Why’s this assembly of minds feel like a prophecy coming to pass
Katt looking like he shouldve been a background performer in Bone Thug-N-Harmony Ghetto Cowboy music video.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion constructing data centers.
While the wages of success in the region will be enormous the repercussions of failure will be utterly hellish.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos cosmos marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
In this composition we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our simulations superior imputation performance and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry bit player his lawyer and the owner of the network network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
The aforementioned superspace formulation which we refer to as Einstein superspace is described in spinor of two dimension- superfields: (i) the super-Weyl spinor ; and (ii) a spinor isospinor.
Wiser about the use of power the newly sworn-in president suggests that this time he will not take no for an response whether in enacting an ambitious domestic agenda or in his expansionist worldview.
Additionally this framework facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as facts cascades using local information from small neighborhoods.
430k views in 4hrs zero else was expected with that title
We apply this approach to the popular PCD and conversational machine reading benchmark ShARC and show competitive achievement with no task-specific finetuning.
On the other hand we show that many subsets of the Torelli collection are bounded with respect to this metric.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT volumes 672 masks and 40 GPU time has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
multitude of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard instant and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
We show that most of the LLM strategies do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
[2025-01-20] Federated Learning (FL) suffers from severe performance degradation due to the facts heterogeneity among clients.
Experimental results demonstrate our models substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and practicality are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
In contrast to previous studies using tabular data we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based representations are the best choices.
Our manual analysis of the state-of-the-art approaches indicates that 11 logic faults are detectable only by CODDTest.
love this talk. we are eternal. death isnt real. there will be naysayers and haters inevitably but this man is speaking reality
The United Automobile Workers guild has been pressing the automaker which owns Chrysler and Jeep to revive the plant in Belvidere Ill.
President Trump issued a raft of executive orders that effectively block newcomers from entering the United States and applying for asylum closing off major legal channels for immigration.
White people are the globe minority
The president said the planned duties were a reaction to China’s failure to curb fentanyl exports.
These two are brothers from another relative. Katt Von
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. pact deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review people familiar with his thinking said.
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every degree of love she deserves and validation.
Also a storm dumped snow on the Carolinas. Here’s the latest at the conclusion of Wednesday.
@ legend I’m seeing that episode right now :)
What a load of crock. He’s a desirable in more ways than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and fun. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
Theo is gonna copy his father no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
We show that most of the LLM rules do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given facts for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
A student opened fire inside Antioch High School shooting two other pupils and then himself the authorities said. A female student and the shooter were killed officials said.
Im in teeeaaarrs Thank you both I needed this this day.
Evil cant get you under water.. i guess thats why infants are safe in Embryonic Fluids on the ball.
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a douche and I was right. He seems like a narcissist and the explanation she got so worked up about the restaurant is because she knows how he is
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization steady state attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
Humans are known to invent private hand gestures. Chimps in the wild do too a new research suggests.
The Times asked 35 experts to reveal one health tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teenagers?
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime association targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
Dude when theo tries to normalize coaches tickling and kat sees at the camera Lol
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal masses of people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
We present constructions of new p.d. seeds in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
Camouflage creature scenic — oh my!
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day care core.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) uniformity are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
i hate how theo conducts this podcast like an interview and goes from inquiry to question instead of a having a conversation and letting it flow.
Wait a minute.... did Katt just say that he was promised that he wont have to worry about dying? Did he sell his mind!????
Experimental results demonstrate our designs substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
I wish I had one of those black females on the horizon I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other humans but it definitely happened to me.
Started enjoyable till Katt went sage route again. Like he knows some rubbish that the rest of us dont know. get the F outta here
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter cyclone still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also concern.
The organization said those results were buoyed by programming in recent months that exceeded internal expectations.
This has made me so happy indeed KATT
The lawsuit to block the president’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration edict.
Three men have been accused of murder as element of a plot to drug and rob revelers in Midtown in 2022. Two of their targets ended up dead.
Mr. Puzder a former brisk food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression equations and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
He’s making her sense as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
am i the only individual that gets annoyed at the way Kat talks?
Two applications of the categorisation to contact Riemannian geometry and CR geometry are also given.
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her perceiveings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
Amazing show! Theo youre a unicorn too my friend. Been a supporter since the challenge.
this is a great chapter of between 2 palms
Its still worth the watch but its like going into a flick already knowing the ending...
With these we offer various vantage points and actionable recommendations in this area.
Him saying he was at 200 pushups is just absolutely unbelievable. He 100% did not do 200 pushup. It’s little gent’s syndrome
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a man that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your being is out there waiting for you
Can’t wait for her to realize she was always the most interesting thing about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll keep following her regardless of whatever guy is by her side
Snow and cold temperatures hitting a broad swath of the region also disrupted travel via trains and roadways.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive unease...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
As Israel withdraws some of its forces from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability path representation.
Theo does very well and Katt is smart.damn straight he’s got an focus on what he’s doing.
Mr. William’s drip is kinda frosty the leather tassel coat a bright ass yellow hat some thick chains and a random green shirt
It is increasingly used in software engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software enhancement.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the applications development process.
No its alot more than that. He would do this to any feminine. Its him
5:55 message white ppl a minority in heaven not a lot of y’all in there.. 2025 n yal still moving the same method as your ancestors
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative effect of tariffs said they could be justified for national security motivations.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- considering is ok but no need to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental equilibrium.
It’s only afternoon and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot camera back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era agreements with forces departments that engaged in discrimination or violence.
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry bit player his lawyer and the controller of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
The full-scale assault by the conservative movement on liberal domination of the nation’s civilization has begun to deliver key victories.
Siblings of the YouTubius Chapter! To Battle!
Evil cant get you under water.. i conjecture thats why babies are safe in Embryonic Fluids on the ball.
The directive is titled “Ending the Weaponization of the Federal Government,” but it asserts that the Biden administration might have acted illegally and directs agencies to seek evidence.
Enjoyed the coverage of some of the slower class vehicles. Not just the Beyond my wallet classes.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient period.
That was a holy shit briefest. If anyone deserves that it is Theo Von.
We also present ViViD-S a refined film try-on dataset achieved by filtering back-facing frames and applying 3D mask smoothing for enhanced temporal consistency.
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and temperature waves.
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to accommodations (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury clients.
Additionally we show how GrEASE can be leveraged to enhance existing approaches.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to storm of Louisiana and Texas.
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The twosome’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Corrections that appeared in release on Thursday Jan. 23 2025.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
Theo can make anyone feel comfortable. He is the denes rodman of ridicule. I wouldnt be surprised to see theo interviewing kim jon un.( however you spell it)
offspring of Medusa getting more content in one animation than the Iron Hands got in their entire history.
So a mini series series? Cool
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take site in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low level channel scenarios.
Is this like a movie or a cycle? Or a bunch of short stories? This looks huge
Can’t wait for her to realize she was always the most interesting thing about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll continue following her regardless of whatever man is by her side
If Katt Williams said to me “individuals like you and I” I wouldn’t sleep for three days!! Theo looks so happy loving this and only 15mins in
President Trump is taking dramatic efforts in seeking to place his stamp on the federal bureaucracy.
More than 30 hostages are set to be released during the cease-fire in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed feelings about the settlement because they feel it came at a high price.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a fellow that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d giggle and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
As racial and gender equity programs come under onslaught many companies have scaled back. But Costco Microsoft and others have forged ahead.
In the worst-case analysis we show that our algorithms have a decrease ratio of more than when.
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit party states from using threats and force.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in hindsight). We only get one side of the story.
We illustrate this methodology on five different scenarios with configuration regions having up to 5 degree-of-freedom (DOF).
You definitely need Katt back. Best comedy twosome podcast! Genuine laughter between them is best part.
The initial situation is approximated as having a core identical to the final nuclear state.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in repetition space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball program thrive in the scary new domain of college sports.
It’s time to require petroleum and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
[2025-01-20] The full width of the light isovector hybrid boson with spin-parities and content $(gu-gd)/ H_ ^^b^^f(1285)f(1420) ^ $.
A vibe of play has characterized some of the most exciting outfits in the streets of New York this winter.
Our manual investigation of the state-of-the-art approaches indicates that 11 logic bugs are detectable only by CODDTest.
Don’t think overly hard about the premise. Just enjoy the constant cliffhangers and beautiful mortals.
Every January we have to see who gets the Katt Williams interview that sets in motion the future. Last season we got Truth.
Officials and business executives at the annual gathering in Switzerland said the struggle against global climate change would continue with or without the United States.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a better half hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
You can do everything on that roster of yours in 2025 with no fn sweat and your biggest problem in 2026 is... i gotta have a new list
@ u lost me at the end. You think the conversation is appropriate because what? Go take a logic course and try again
Mayor Eric Adams of New York City a Democrat declined to say anything negative about Donald J. Trump’s early executive orders saying he would bring any concerns directly to the governor.
Our manual analysis of the state-of-the-art approaches indicates that 11 logic glitches are detectable only by CODDTest.
That part on jitteriness was GOLD. Thank u Katt
Melania and Ivanka Trump and Usha Vance wore a echo of bygone eras — perhaps a glimpse of what they hope the future looks like.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate untethered network planning for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the masses who missed the first signs.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword carnage with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
These results improve the representation of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
But yall stop asking these old folks bout cessation!!!!
Kidz Bop 50 is here marking the latest of the enduring brand’s kid-friendly sanitization of contemporary music.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia praised President Trump’s second ceremony but the American leader did not return the compliment.
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his watch and go to Disney world together and stuff
seriously whats the divergence between firstborns and primaris? other than the size
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in living and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected framework we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there gal. You will come out on the other side better and brighter! I can’t wait to hear the follow up to this convo
Katt is talking so slow you’ve got to watch it on 2x celerity for it to seem normal
We investigate the space-time alteration of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
We call such local constructions as stem structures.
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money pilferage way too expensive!.
Damn its SICK!!!! 2026 cant come any quicker!!!
The shallow H2O equations primarily exist in two forms: the variables form and the conservative form.
Sons of Medusa getting more content in one motion picture than the Iron Hands got in their entire history.
Libertarian and crypto allies of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a jail time sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political support to secure his release.
Unofficial backyard counts have recorded at least nine inches of snow. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
Readers react to President Trump’s Inaugural Address his forgiveness toward Jan. 6 rioters and more. Also: Joe Biden’s last pardons as president.
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard moment. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an adventure Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Not them glorifying the pla es that dropped bombs on Vietnam... concerning these matters americans really make me sick to my stomach.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely laugh at other peoples jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off unexpected by Theo
Yess! And his stupid comment of “what will you do in real life issues?” Like bro she will stand by you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong woman she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
President Trump’s pardons in the Jan. 6 case abruptly ended the most complex investigation in U.S. past. It also raised questions about what he will do next against a department he has said is full of his enemies.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / might consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
If he regrets the parting post then why not delete it?
Furthermore we develop a quantized pseudo-depth measurement (QPDM) strategy for more robust information association.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking help in Stroud Ala. the agents said. A man was charged with murder.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding tilt as well as selection bias into the causal effect estimate.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor factorization.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - conference Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
The analog is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
Mr. Puzder a former fast victuals executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their relation to this concept of midst.
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative consequence of tariffs said they could be justified for national security reasons.
Scaling space marines to believable dimensions is tricky but this nails it
Some had returned to the hotel season after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
[2025-01-20] Lee and Seung (2000) introduced numerical solutions for non-negative matrix splitting (NMF) using iterative multiplicative update algorithms.
Additionally this framework facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as information cascades using local information from small districts.
Bro what are you on about ? Imagine acting like this over crowd voicing valid criticism for a lazy map with no intro or outro cutscene... getting cods p out of your throat and do some critical thinking ​@maxpoland3853
Some limits of American entertainment are becoming worrisomely infantile.
Finally the Emperor’s righteousness is delivered!
By splitting the model between a LEO and a terrain terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
This word has appeared in 133 articles on NYTimes.com in the past calendar year. Can you use it in a sentence?
I haven’t watched a epoch of the Bachelor since this season. I loved Rachel and the drama from the entire season was a nail in the coffin for me!
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback schemes ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
see GW this is what we want Grimdark Firstborn proper accurate space marine wars against outsider and heretic!
To open his term with such an action of contempt toward the legal system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
Thank You Katt Williams Appreciate you Theo Now tell me youre going to LAX and let her know how you felt in the moment of her happening.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent space strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space necessitate to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
You can count on films like “Emilia Pérez” and big actors like Timothée Chalamet and Ariana Grande but this year may hold some surprises too.
The warning came one day after the regime ordered that diversity equity and inclusion efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and idealism to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
The fully integrated circuit chips have been designed and fabricated in a standard 65nm complementary semiconductor oxide semiconductor process technology.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first time to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial settlements.
We calculate the light-induced phonon dynamics on the anharmonic framework potential determined by first-principles calculation.
I don’t think Katt is a bad dude but he’s one of those fellows that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just reeks of having an enormous ego.
YOU SEE US WARHAMMER!! YOU SEE HOW MUCH PEOPLE LOVE THIS!! This superb is and has always been phenomenal I need this to come out faster!!
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as period of breakups.
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural supplication service and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. community.
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in rapport with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
Scroll down for hints and conversation about the enigma for Thursday Jan. 23 2025.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his yesteryear who needs that.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. request inactivity or throughput to guide the search.
Doug Collins chosen by President Trump to lead the Veterans Affairs Department does not have a traditional résumé for V.A. administrator but he fits the mold of a Trump loyalist.
The flux surface label must simultaneously satisfy the existence equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined contradictory system.
Summing over characters modulo we obtain an asymptotic formula for the negative second instantaneously of involving conductors.
The administration will take steps to roll back federal help for racial equity and protections for transgender people.
This new allocation achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding ranking.
I hope Theo asks out the airport lassie. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
Ken Martin the chair of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the summit of support needed to become the next leader of the Democratic National Committee.
Even travelers of means want their cash’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and heat waves.
The move in outcome validated the far-right leader’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a kind of political persecution.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained talker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f capriciousness in Cantor space.
Why’s this meeting of rapport feel like a prophecy coming to pass
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research bearings including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey characteristics. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
View the point of the quake’s epicenter and shake area.
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day consideration center.
Katt quoting Theo Vonn jokes has to be a peak life highlight for Theo. Awesome podcast and as awkward as you would expect
Its better to be datin a miss from Eaton than eatin a girl from Dayton
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy fashion. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
The critic on why the president is facing a rare moment of opportunity in the Middle East.
Dave’s dad lived in Ohio and he would spend his periods between DC and Ohio
Taken together this activity provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
Praise God and bless both these men.
​@ReidClarkComedy Are you implying that black comedians cant get on these "riendcast" without someone having to say to themselves "ou know what we need a black bloke?
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this gentleman know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
President Trump made major policy moves immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international protocols promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting dynamism in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
Rachael is going to upgrade big moment and realize she deserved so much more. Matt fumbled
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the raft of new mandates he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a lot of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while food.
[2025-01-20] We develop a general tactic to prove global regularity estimates for quadratic optimal transport using the entropic regularisation of the problem.
Ezra Klein discusses the oligarchic clout dynamics of the second Trump administration.
The Iranian-backed mutineer group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
A boycott of links to Mr. Musk’s social outlets platform spread on Reddit this week after he made a gesture that some likened to a Nazi salute. Others worried about censorship.
Prior work on SC has relied on hypotheses that agents are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their utilities.
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there girl. You will come out on the other side better and brighter! I can’t expect to hear the follow up to this convo
Theo cracking up Katt was the best! I loved their zest together. So so so good
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetization and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
To address this difference this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused approach to network restoration.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the town’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
The order is titled “Ending the Weaponization of the Federal Government,” but it asserts that the Biden administration might have acted illegally and directs entities to seek evidence.
Hollywood’s silence reveals the contours of our escalating tension with China; we’re digesting the war on TikTok instead.
Final approval by the House sent the legislation which requires the detention and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with offenses to President Trump’s desk.
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police cop.
Traditional methods of air level monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
The veteran English thespian said that she now needed to attend public events with someone else because of her worsening macular degeneration.
XAI308K has serious capability to reach 50-100x VERY soon. Heard they are working out a partnership with Nvidia.
A key point of the proposed method is that the transformation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
You need to relax big hours. Who or what made you so paranoid.?
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth physics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on items you get destructible tarps and flags and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
President Trump’s absolutions in the Jan. 6 case abruptly ended the most complex investigation in U.S. history. It also raised questions about what he will do next against a department he has said is full of his enemies.
Staff members overseeing diversity equity and inclusion efforts were to be placed on paid administrative time off by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human friend. Katt did everything in this video that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the eras.
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional state space recurrent neural architectures capable of learning functions on sequence data.
16:53 “-of this Interview??“ Theo damn well IS feeling the pressure of the chat too
Showcase your favorite design pieces in the entrance lobby. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
Bishop Budde locked eyes with President Trump and made a plea for mercy — and the war over spiritual influence in America was ignited anew.
Kats next special is called little pimp big earth
Due to the device area being in remote areas satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
Libertarian and crypto allies of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a term sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political support to secure his release.
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio astonishingly and trained on permissively licensed music data.
Final approval by the House sent the legislation which requires the detention and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with misdeeds to President Trump’s desk.
holy shit i cant wait to watch these two converse
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and propose strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
Plus predictions for today’s Oscar nominations.
The aspect extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of interest and the specific feature in question.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
At least 10 people have been killed in the raids and more than 40 wounded according to the Palestinian Health Ministry. scores have been arrested Palestinian officials told the Wafa news agency.
Rachel you are deserving of so much better than this!!!! So proud of you for coming on here and sharing the real history! We love you and support you no matter what
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her adoration is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical simulations.
It’s time to require oil and gas conglomerates to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
At the same time underlying positive emotions such as jest and optimism remain prevalent in most of the movies.
they should let this guy be Henrys right deputy man for the cinematic universe
Every January we have to see who gets the Katt Williams interview that sets in activation the future. Last year we got Truth.
It has the advantage of simplicity as compensation is done using a low impedance coil that can be straightforwardly driven at the relevant frequencies (1 kHz).
The incoming White House chief of staff may well represent the thin boundary between the president and disaster.
More than 30 hostages are set to be released during the cease-fire in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed emotions about the deal because they feel it came at a high price.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ status as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
Treyarch NEED to make that part solo possible in full matches if they want the average contestant to care about Ice staff for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes motion picture) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
I wish I had one of those black gals on the horizon I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
Stop protecting him hes a shit individual. Chin up and you are SO better off. You will realize all of your feelings are valid and you WILL see hes a manipulative person. All of your dreams will come true...with out him. Stay strong
A woman once married to the brother-in-law of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was segment of a lawsuit settlement.
The results suggest that higher order expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the affliction of dimensionality.
The Kat & the Rat in the same apartment!?!? This is fixing to be legendary!
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual colloquium of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
More than 30 hostages are set to be released during the cease-fire in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed feelings about the pact because they feel it came at a high price.
In particular the flavoured probe bosons resulting from the deconstruction must lie in the vicinity of the TeV scale thereby providing interesting phenomenology that can be probed at near future colliders.
Hundreds of people began registering their marriages at a mall in Bangkok as Thailand became one of the few locations in Asia to legalize same-sex unions.
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with felonies is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
This includes all blocks of all subsets of dimension 1 of dimension 1 semifree spectra and 1-dimensional blocks for many other groups G.
Travelers are interested in how their presence affects the residents of the places they are visiting. The travel field is responding.
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a groove class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
Theo was indeed feeling the pressure of this questioning
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black folk are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this pellet!
200 shove ups and a 3.9 40! Hahahahaha
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the ambush on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south pivot of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
The president sought to end a plan that allowed migrants fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the country for up to two years.
The columnist on why the president is facing a rare momentary of opportunity in the Middle East.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever attachmentd each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Scaling space guards to believable proportions is tricky but this nails it
This intruiguing result is related to recent developments in graph boundary theory.
We’re covering President Trump’s swearing-in executive orders and pardons.
In the proposed strategy framework we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
We show the emergence of the scalar twirl chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
Kidz Bop 50 is here marking the latest of the enduring mark’s kid-friendly sanitization of pop music.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small sectors of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Prior duty on SC has relied on assumptions that agents are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their utilities.
MOM! GET THE lens!! MOOOOOOM!!!!
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the spectators will see right through
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a man that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because split is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
Theo said Im a land pet
In a flurry of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential prerogative from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim obscure aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Its still worth the behold but its like going into a movie already knowing the ending...
that’s a infernal kat william right there
We asked experts if regular getting exposed to to low levels of radiation could be harmful to health.
During her Senate confirmation inquiry President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
In conversely to previous studies using tabular data we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based models are the best choices.
To validate prototype predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic behavior in experimental games.
Or me in California. No matter what you got to keep working to get in a better circumstance.. Im going to get another job save up and get off the street
It is increasingly used in code engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software improvement.
Should we do a fundraiser link to get money for a whole picture show?
Holy golly! My fuckin favorite comedian ever and fuckin Theo von sitting at a table wtf. lol kat williams is the best. Thanks Theo.
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing modality experientially implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional state space models capable of learning operations on sequence data.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD system in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given defect probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its generation.
Its about time brothers. He being unleashed the goat the brother.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association program that promotes diversity. He also played down his function in the Benghazi investigation.
The initial position is approximated as having a core identical to the final nuclear state.
For “Flight Risk,” his first outing as a director in nearly a decade the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking core stage.
Mr. Trump had the authority to declare two situations. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
To address these gaps we introduce XMP a high-quality parallel Multilingual dataset sourced from Multi-party Podcast dialogues.
These findings emphasise the critical importance of careful LLM blending into ABMs for financial markets and more broadly.
Unions had gained a foothold in one of the company’s warehouses in the state though Amazon would not say if there was a connection.
“If you could put anything in front of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your opportunity to update the prenup.”
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No method he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their rapport to this concept of center.
holy shit i cant wait to watch these two dialogue
Kidz Bop 50 is here marking the latest of the enduring brand’s kid-friendly sanitization of chart music.
Domestic ticket prices are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
Notably the aperiodic LAZ sequence sets also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang restricted marking the first construction in the literature.
Prior drudgery on SC has relied on assumptions that agents are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their utilities.
You can tell Theo is so nervous with Katt and he wants to do good!! He’s like a little boy learning from a sagacious man! Kattfucious
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to freelance work. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret level and finally gave my chap some budget
Enjoyed the coverage of some of the slower class cars. Not just the Beyond my wallet classes.
By real-time simulations we study how localized rotate dynamics can affect the nonlinear Hall effect in -symmetric magnets.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by brutality and genocide investigators said.
We show that every nonnegative discrete allotment whose support contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with density.
The concept which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained orator verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her report.
As Israel withdraws some of its detachment from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
This activity represents the first combination of SoS programming with settling time bounds for finite-time stable systems.
Tap into your animal instincts to solve Dan Caprera’s crossword brain twister.
A brilliant young mathematician becomes an enemy of the deep authorities in a paranoid new potboiler streaming on Apple TV+.
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing methods showcasing its potential for downstream tasks like protocol generation and algorithm automation.
Officials and business executives at the annual gathering in Switzerland said the fight against global temperature change would continue with or without the United States.
And why secular populace should care.
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human friend. Katt did everything in this clip that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the years.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical effects for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
Among 18 stable (M = transition metal; X = chlorine) compounds we identify 9 auxetic monolayers with standing out for its exceptionally high NPR of -0.798.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative outcomes for its long-term sustainability.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like agriculture and travel leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
Ezra Klein discusses the oligarchic power dynamics of the second Trump government.
@weshouldtlk why don’t you try to date him. You seem obsessed in all these observations. Do you have anything nice to say about her outside this whole relationship talk?
The blazes ignited in San Diego County early Tuesday keeping Southern California on edge as dangerous blaze conditions persisted.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide array of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose backing up contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with density.
Can’t expect to watch this tonight
Extensive experimental discoveries are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing inadequacy and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional state space models capable of learning functions on date data.
These two joking about the nutcracker matter is exactly what I needed today Stay peaceful everyone
Readers worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; women’s slow growth; betting on Bitcoin.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new realm and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- thinking is ok but no need to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national security adviser defense in 2021 after threats from Iran.
His regime would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal effect assumption.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos celestial marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your nationality... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
“And Panama!” a Ukrainian military analyst said. “What did quiet peaceful Panama do?”
Katt is very intelligent I think this ninja read all them manuscripts lmao
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my mouth and a good run.
He called every throw of Sandy Koufax’s perfect game in 1965. After 10 seasons playing in the majors he skippered the White Sox and the Mets.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) hypothesis enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor region.
She really seems like the sweetest damsel. My heart hurts for her. I just want her to get her confidence back and thrive.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a man that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong dear! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the introduction of President Trump’s first term. No time frame was set for restoring it.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT volumes 672 masks and 40 GPU spans has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
We present a hierarchy of Lagrangian dual thresholds by exploiting the theory of integer positive semidefinite matrices and propose three algorithms for obtaining those bounds.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring illumination Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
This approach offers several strengths including computational efficiency rapid response times and increased scalability.
Tour Tour guides and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
While dismissing proceedings judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
Wait a minute.... did Katt just say that he was promised that he wont have to worry about dying? Did he sell his core!????
Legal experts said the chief of state was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive orders designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian hubbub (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
he was defenetly feeling the tension lol
The organization incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
The incoming White House chief of staff may well represent the thin line between the president and chaos.
By real-time simulations we study how localized spin movement can affect the nonlinear Hall effect in -symmetric magnets.
By relating low-level inconsistencies introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Unofficial backyard tallies have recorded at least nine inches of hail. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
On his first day back in chamber President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
appears like a PS2 cinematic NGL
We present a hierarchy of Lagrangian dual bounds by exploiting the hypothesis of integer positive semidefinite matrices and propose three algorithms for obtaining those bounds.
Enjoyed the coverage of some of the slower class cars. Not just the Beyond my wallet categories.
In comparison to other constraints our method enlarging the splitter norm thus obtaining the smallest neighborhood size of the latent vector.
many of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
Now we have three meetings where we see theo nervous af at the start for.... bernie sanders donald trump and now kat williams
Within this framework for an appropriate scope over a field the higher Chow group corresponds to the 0-th Kato homology group.
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal limits on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional assurance of birthright citizenship.
Its augmentation relates to the density of eigenvalues of self-adjoint realisations of the system and the Jacobi operator respectively.
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to durations of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
Mayor Eric Adams of New York City a Democrat declined to say anything negative about Donald J. Trump’s early manager orders saying he would bring any concerns directly to the president.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of prospects while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
The formula accounts for the interplay of risk-free rate volatility and credit risk.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ capacity as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
And then tarnishing the name of God and the faith of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake religiosity is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
alterations that appeared in print on Tuesday Jan. 21 2025.
However the timing of covariate data is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal effect estimate.
The fate of the Israel-Hamas agreement will require huge labor.
In both of them we study various ideas of transitivity.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 insurrectionist and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
It’s a much realer version of the supposed integrity we so often seek.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to demise by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
had to catch this one. podcasting is hard to navigate because of all the crap. these two opposite comedy comedians are perfect. they should do this everyday
From national security to home insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate adaptation measures in important ways.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I chooseed wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the turmoil marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
This article has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a sentence?
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field commotions we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
A sharp transition for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the realm.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its effect 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
holy jiminy i cant wait to watch these two talk
not even 24 hrs and all ready 1 milly plus sights. This man is still so relevant.
see GW this is what we want Grimdark Firstborn proper accurate space marine wars against creature and heretic!
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human perception.
She seems like such a sweet human. Rooting for you Rachael you deserve love & happiness <3
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels cowboy hats Village People icy chilly and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
Several chafed at his plans as President Trump enacted immigration measures affecting their regions and vowed to impose tariffs on Mexico and Canada.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD apparatus in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
16:53 Lol me on a daily to day basis processing life.
A student opened fire inside Antioch High School shooting two other students and then himself the authorities said. A female student and the shooter were killed officials said.
Libertarian and crypto allies of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a life sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political help to secure his release.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated mechanism systems (IFS)-transformations.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why horrors must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
We asked leading authorities for the truth about probiotics elimination regimens leaky gut and more.
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small televisions. Hear 13 examples.
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the profile of legal limits on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function frameworks (IFS)-transformations.
Careful with astonishment bar. it could be my luck but i used 3 and got ray gun all 3 times and i had the ray gun in my hand while hitting the box which used to guarantee the other wonder weapon but now it dosnt what a scam gum
The death of a young Black chap Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
Digging through more than 900 episodes was bound to yield some surprises — and some warm memories. The episode didn’t disappoint.
The strategy which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
Should we do a fundraiser link to get money for a whole flick?
Additionally this framework facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as details cascades using local information from small neighborhoods.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and collection lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
Theo is gonna copy his patriarch no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
Ezra Klein and Aaron Retica discuss the oligarchic power dynamics of the second Trump leadership.
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating progenitor cores representing the vast majority of possible occurrences.
Thank you for the great text!
She said it wasn’t anything he did to make her feel insecure or that she was some “groupie” but he never did anything to make her not feel that fashion!
Instead of a departure from the writer and director Matthew Gasda’s take on “Uncle Vanya” at the Brooklyn Center for Theater Research tends to adhere to the original.
The administration will take steps to roll back federal advocacy for racial equity and protections for transgender people.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by savagery and genocide investigators said.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic unpredictability thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
When was the last instant you made something?
allow go!!!! I had been waiting on this one
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark powers Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
There’s a influence imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
Since the circumstances on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from event to event.
Through extensive assays we demonstrate TigerVectors hybrid search capability scalability and superior performance compared to other graph databases (including Neo4j and Amazon Neptune) and a highly optimized specialized vector database (Milvus).
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right site. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of metal is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation process.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the scale of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
The aforementioned superspace formulation which we refer to as Einstein superspace is described in terms of two dimension- superfields: (i) the super-Weyl spinor ; and (ii) a spinor isospinor.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim character on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
Thank you brother for this note from France
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal rule.
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid many of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
2:15 good answer for a dumb ass inquiry
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose support contains arises in this way as well as a class of finitely supported patterns with density.
The long structures seen in manta appendages and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you instantaneously after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
“It took us a few minutes to accept that this pile of rubble was our home,” said Islam Dahliz whose family was ordered by Israeli military to evacuate Rafah in May.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of vitality,” she said.
More is coming but many directives will take era to be implemented or will face political legal or practical obstacles.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
[2025-01-20] Construction of transferable machine-learning interatomic functions with a minimal number of parameters is important for their general applicability.
The boss is an entity? What a dissapointment
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central items and their relation to this concept of center.
President Trump’s tide of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting climate change.
Ms. Benson a Democrat jumped into a high-profile and potentially crowded competition to lead one of the country’s top battleground states.
[2025-01-20] The evolution of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive capacities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the brain.
The United Automobile Workers union has been pressing the automaker which owns Chrysler and Jeep to revive the factory in Belvidere Ill.
You can do everything on that list of yours in 2025 with no fn drips and your biggest problem in 2026 is... i gotta have a new list
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small screens. Hear 13 vibe.
This has got to be the chilliest and most organic podcast program ever.
We call such local frameworks as stem structures.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol network of powerful conglomerates.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- thinking is ok but no demand to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
The model accounts for the interplay of risk-free rate volatility and faith risk.
The mock-up is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet diminution offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Did he just say he’s heavy in sexual intimate relationships? What is happening
Officials are warning of the dangers of carbon monoxide poisoning and blazes.
Readers worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health mindfulness; military shortcomings; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the validation of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
Treyarch NEED to make that part solo possible in full week if they want the average player to care about Ice staff for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
This scheme keeps the annealed load from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or regularization differences.
Or me in California. No matter what you got to keep working to get in a better situation.. Im going to get another employment save up and get off the street
Its about time brothers. He being unleashed the buck the man.
Unofficial backyard tallies have recorded at least nine inches of precipitation. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the formula [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
He’s making her apprehend as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
In particular world simulations have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
Why’s this meeting of coming together feel like a prophecy coming to pass
Public health experts say U.S. withdrawal from the W.H.O. would undermine the nation’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next outbreak.
PlotEdit outperforms existing baselines on the ChartCraft dataset across design layout format and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged users and improving novice productivity.
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels cowboy headpieces Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
Our manual consideration of the state-of-the-art approaches indicates that 11 logic bugs are detectable only by CODDTest.
We have thus measured the spin coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum stage transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the prediction sets -- can only be assessed at test period.
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab means too expensive!.
We assessed the quality of the generated memes through crowdsourcing with each meme rated on creativity wit and shareability.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little youth. He can’t even hold space for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
Two former New York City police authorities and members of the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers were among the nearly 1,600 who received an extraordinary legal reprieve.
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global health attempts — these actions put all of us at risk.
Invoking presidential emergency decree powers gives the president the ability to go around Congress and unlock federal funding to crack down at the border.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 paths converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-gaze graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
Mr. Puzder a former fast food administrator was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
“Monique is a…super large icon in…comedy.”
Naw not even close. The times aren’t the entertaining part of Cleet’s recordings.
In the room with the double gas demonstration you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
Amazing show! Theo youre a unicorn too my acquaintance. Been a fan since the challenge.
We want to know how laborers are processing President Trump’s decision to end hiring practices meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
Oh my divine being this looks great.
Due to the device place being in remote areas satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
North American vehicle companies have operated across borders for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run analysts say.
once every full moon gw turns on the money automaton cuz they are afraid it will stop working
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black woman. I was in a Jacuzzi and I had long legs and I watched the water bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why abominations must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a browsing list along the way.
they should let this chap be Henrys right hand man for the cinematic universe
Additionally we present a rate-distortion-perception trade-off curve enabling adaptive decisions based on application-specific truthfulness needs.
Wiser about the use of strength the newly sworn-in president suggests that this time he will not take no for an answer whether in enacting an ambitious domestic agenda or in his expansionist worldview.
Should we do a fundraiser drive to get money for a whole movie?
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring faithfulness subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
This brings me no end of happiness. I couldn’t love Theo more if I tried
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each fountainhead are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
[2025-01-20] The clique recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social networks.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like community members and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called components the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant total of time reading code during the software development process.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the picture with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
The long structures seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive arm.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking animation. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
i hate how theo conducts this podcast like an interview and goes from inquiry to question instead of a having a conversation and letting it flow.
[2025-01-20] Personalized talk enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
1000s of eras of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife role without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional strategies which require both bodies to have the same shape.
@weshouldtlk no because she simply is just out of his league. She’s far to pretty for him
The ballerina is leaving the enterprise in February after 25 years. She will dance the lead in “Firebird” in her final program.
Just segment of gettin older but that Pimp Chronicles Katt is always in there. Better believe it. Lol Katt could never do another standup and hed still be King Katt.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and spontaneity played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as houses nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
This includes all blocks of all groups of scale 1 semifree spectra and 1-dimensional blocks for many other groups G.
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the raft of new decrees he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
Matt posting to IG is so similar to what Zach Bryan did… and Rachael and Bri’s yarns are so different but men are both walking
President Trump’s executive moves on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
If evil can’t admittance you underwater then explain to me why shark attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
The judiciary instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
To open his term with such an move of contempt toward the legal system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the prediction sets -- can only be assessed at inspection time.
Damn now I have to do a Necrons move and snooze until 2026 because I cant wait to see it!
Enjoyed the coverage of some of the slower class cars. Not just the Beyond my billfold classes.
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important insight to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the aim is to minimize fitting discrepancies and improve convergence rates.
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison term the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 citizens charged in connection with Jan. 6.
I’m hearing rumours that this is’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Our occupation combines the programming ease of backpropagation-type methods for forward AD while being memory-efficient.
President Trump issued a batch of executive orders that effectively block migrants from entering the United States and applying for asylum closing off major legal channels for immigration.
We have thus measured the spin coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum era transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
Treyarch NEED to make that part solo possible in full matches if they want the average player to care about Ice crew for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
A mass of air called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate modification.
Unlike digital-based accelerators there is growing interest in exploring photonics due to its high energy effectiveness and ultra-fast processing speeds.
The Times asked 35 experts to share one health suggestion they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teenagers?
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association program that promotes diversity. He also played down his role in the Benghazi inquiry.
[2025-01-20] Construction of transferable machine-learning interatomic potentials with a minimal number of parameters is important for their general relevance.
In this paper we investigate hallucinations of the Whisper ASR model induced by non-speech audio segments present during reasoning.
She should have been dumped from the since for her plantation shenanigan. Glad karma caught up.
The tomb is vanguard peak ass lol worst map in the game by far​ @demonslayr1408
Additionally we present a rate-distortion-perception trade-off slope enabling adaptive decisions based on application-specific realism needs.
By the emperor and deities in the warp. Marvelous! LET THIS CREATOR COOK AS MUCH AS HE WANTS TO!!!!
PlotEdit outperforms existing baselines on the ChartCraft dataset across style layout format and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged persons and improving novice productivity.
Furthermore we develop a quantized pseudo-depth measurement (QPDM) tactic for more robust data association.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First instant Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the outputs from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prognosis scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
[2025-01-20] In the celebrated work of Friesecke James and M\"ller 06 the authors derive a hierarchy of models for plates by carefully analyzing the -convergence of the rescaled nonlinear elastic strength.
I live just down the route from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money grab way too expensive!.
Tech billionaires foreign chief executives ex-presidents and political nemeses. How did everyone behave?
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splashing and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR detection performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
In this study we focus on regeneration reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
Rachael is a jewel I hope she gets her confidence back!! Give it 6 months Rachael to just breathe again and then start posting the thirst traps!!
Okay the POV perspective of being on the ground with a chainsword driven into them was incredible!
Sounds like riveting information. Looser.
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a suspension there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin formula with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
Why is Mark Zuckerberg portrait here. Ohh ohh geez you have genius here.
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a duration of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
In such frameworks chemical activity is transformed into mechanical deformation by distributed motor-type mechanisms represented by continuum degrees of freedom.
The company backed by high-flying Silicon Valley investors like Andreessen Horowitz had promised it would reinvent the rent-to-own model and make it more consumer friendly. High interest rates and loan rates thwarted those plans.
had to catch this one. podcasting is hard to navigate because of all the crap. these two opposite buffoonery icons are perfect. they should do this everyday
The singer-songwriter speaks out about her troubled kin history and reads a Modern Love essay about an estranged mother and daughter.
A gracious donation from the emperor
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a heritage of militant activity.
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my destruction I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
This occupation represents the first combination of SoS programming with settling time bounds for finite-time stable systems.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at hold in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
Its growth relates to the tightness of eigenvalues of self-adjoint realisations of the system and the Jacobi operator respectively.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout sarcasm without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new chief executive is a worrying sign for our economy.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first moment in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm functions and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) principles.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple availability (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve calculation.
[2025-01-20] In this composition we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive characteristics.
Through extensive evaluations we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a variety of proportions and differential equations.
[2025-01-20] Let be a prime let be a finite group of divisible divisible by and let be a field of characteristic.
With these we offer various perspectives and actionable ideas in this area.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative tendency and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at interest in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
Two questions remain to be addressed in configuration to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
The Times asked 35 experts to disclose one health tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teenagers?
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient stipulation for such measures to have a line spectrum.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te molecules an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
We present a polynomial era algorithm that constructs such codes for.
@BennyBlancoNL I think most masses are just surprised because these two seem like they would never come together.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his bounce pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Lumber jack Jamie is on the chopping block
Digging through more than 900 episodes was bound to yield some revelations — and some warm memories. The experience didn’t disappoint.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the focus of several probes since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
The root was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
As someone who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the teaser. I need a Warhammer For idiots guide.
It started as a minor impact on a bridge between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability concern to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
We have thus measured the rotate coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution phase by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Several cities in Northern Kentucky received reports of brochures calling on people to monitor and report all immigrants and encouraging membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
Our evaluation on three datasets two underlying LLMs three references and several ablation tests based on the components of RACCOON demonstrate the utility of RACCOON.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input era series length.
We have thus measured the twirl coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
[2025-01-20] Pristine polycrystalline boron-doped diamond electrodes (BDDEs) -- microcrystalline (B-MCDE) and ultrananocrystalline (B-UNCDE) were applied for the electrochemical reduction of several selected purine mononucleotides -- Guanosine 5-monophosphate (GMP) 2-Deoxyguanosine 5-monophosphate (dGMP) Adenosine 5-monophosphate (AMP) Adenosine 5-diphosphate (ADP) Adenosine 5-triphosphate (ATP) and pyrimidine nucleotides -- Cytidine 5-monophosphate (CMP) Thymidine 5-monophosphate (TMP) as well as low-molecular-weight double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) at very negative potentials via linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
However this transformation can drastically change the size of the input and has difficulty issues.
We clarify the proposed phase transition is an illusion caused by perplexity between different configurations.
At least 10 people have been killed in the raids and more than 40 wounded according to the Palestinian Health Ministry. Dozens have been arrested Palestinian officials told the Wafa updates agency.
Edge provinces in NTs spin-degeneracy lifting induced by vacancies and dopants and strain-tunable magnetism are also discussed.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring record snowfall to hurricane of Louisiana and Texas.
@teneightroundteneightround6675 He was laughing at his own botched Shannon was blundered.
Also our brains dont know the divergence between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
IF this is class of digital art is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to obstruction constraints -- an NP-hard task.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like farming industry and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
In this study we present an analytical approach to accurately calculate the manner shapes and resonance frequencies of these cantilevers including higher-order modes then we derive the modal sensitivity.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs show across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
A rare winter tornado dumped record amounts of snow on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
Katt looking like he shouldve been a background mover in Bone Thug-N-Harmony Ghetto Cowboy music video.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon ecological impression in ICT energy management is optimized.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these men??!! The bleeding soul revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
Where there is unpredictability I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
To address these obstacles we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
Eight years ago Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement spurred a big time reaction that shaped the period. Now it’s a different time.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with likelihood.
Yet forecasting models for ED admissions to-date do not explore the efficiency of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
This plan keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or regularization differences.
The justices heard arguments over whether benches must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the moment of threat.”
The National Treasury Employees Union argues a move to “radically reshape the civil civil service” by making it easier to fire federal workers violates the will of Congress.
From national security to home insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate changes policies in important ways.
A sense of recreation has characterized some of the most exciting outfits in the streets of New York this winter.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social journalism and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human understanding.
A new book by the British cultural journalist Dorian Lynskey chronicles our centuries-old compulsion with doomsday scenarios.
We investigate the space-time development of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
I love the freakings aspects like the straps holding the heavy bolter. Like the marineshave the strength to hold it but with a strap on they can focus their strength in aiming the thing even more ! fuckign amazing.
This starting was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
Lmfao. White people are a minority in I cannot generate synonyms for the word "heaven" in this context. Is there something else I can help you with? is so funny
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the footage game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the representation trained only with 21 CT volumes 672 masks and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
Also our head dont know the difference between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
Boss skirmish looks so lame
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s covering of snow with joy but also concern.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His attorney denied her account.
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance group Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to transmit the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained information that had not been made public.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the assault.
@bobaque70 they rright. Cleets vidya just said.. James response was 1.009 over a sec so he got the 1sec penalty
Two former New York City police officers and followers of the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers were among the nearly 1,600 who received an extraordinary legal reprieve.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone lineages in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
Consequently any existing modulo regeneration algorithm can be applied effectively.
We experimentally verify long-term phase robustness and unprecedented phase-reconstruction accuracy.
And for a lot of populace thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
Our method effectively improves the overall prediction exactness and addresses the challenge of forecasting extreme weather events.
Each type of noise is then used to train a separate convolutional neural system

Answer the question using a comma separated list and remove any extraneous information. An example output for a sentence will be [item1 (CNN) model.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the time. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant degree of time reading code during the software development process.
Edge states in NTs spin-degeneracy lifting induced by empty spaces and dopants and strain-tunable magnetism are also discussed.
Whether it is over TikTok fentanyl or trade Beijing might welcome a compromise to buy time to address its ailing financial system and bolster its position globally.
How brilliant its original space stormtroopers too and not the Primaris
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent wrongdoers saying it was time to move on.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize productivity in the coexistence system.
By relating low-level mistakes introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels cowboy hats Village People icy glacial and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
In the chamber with the double gas trial you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
A sharp transition for the extent function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
Son Chang-wan was in office while works were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a airplane crashed into a concrete barrier there killing 179 people.
Landon Horton makes his New York Times Crossword launch.
This work explores the function of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
We present a hierarchy of Lagrangian dual bounds by exploiting the theory of integer positive semidefinite matrices and propose three algorithms for obtaining those bounds.
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison term the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 people charged in nexus with Jan. 6.
The former vice president’s first moves as a nonelected official for the first time in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution phase by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
THIS! Like Mad Skillz and his yearly “rhyme up.”
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating reinforcement learning (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative method to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
It has the advantage of simplicity as compensation is done using a low inductance coil that can be straightforwardly driven at the relevant frequencies (1 kHz).
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the prediction clusters -- can only be assessed at test time.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires evaluation of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
Through extensive evaluations we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a variety of dimensions and differential relations.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and honesty and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
numerous of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
The company backed by high-flying Silicon Valley investors like Andreessen Horowitz had promised it would reinvent the rent-to-own concept and make it more consumer friendly. High interest rates and mortgage rates thwarted those plans.
The S rank Independent creator is Back LETSSSS GOOOOO
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the war in Gaza.
And then tarnishing the name of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake religiosity is such a tired personality to have on social platform anymore
Thanks for your fragility Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
Thank you for bringing the buck back 2024: LESSONS 2025: BLESSINGS TO ALL OF US WHO MADE IT
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart mobiles cameras etc.) is a challenge.
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new president is a worrying symptom for our economy.
Katt is talking so slow you’ve got to watch it on 2x velocity for it to seem normal
These modifications are accompanied by an observable growth in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te atoms.
Treyarch NEED to make that soloable part solo possible in full matches if they want the average player to care about Ice staff for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
Hello.. She’s 28 she’s gorgeous she’s professing her affection she wants kids! She’ll make an awesome mom
[2025-01-20] The group recommendation (GR) aims to suggest items for a group of users in social internet platforms.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the manner he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
Traditional manual scrutiny methods are time-consuming and subjective prompting the adoption of machine vision technology for efficient and objective evaluation.
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 persons charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
The decision follows a constitutional panel ruling that barred discrimination against babies born into single-parent families.
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young lass was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its effectiveness -- measured by the size of the prediction sets -- can only be assessed at test time.
The president’s orders orders show us where things are headed.
Mr. William’s drizzle is kinda frosty the leather tassel jacket a bright ass yellow hat some thick chains and a random green shirt
Jennifer Medina a political reporter who lives in Los Angeles writes about a reporting trip that took her to both the Palisades and Eaton fire districts.
In particular sphere models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
Public health experts say U.S. withdrawal from the W.H.O. would undermine the populace’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish some new identities of integrals involving multiple polylogarithm identities and their level two analogues in terms of Hurwitz-type multiple zeta (star) values.
We designed simulation environments and conducted beamlet tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map data.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class steadfastness with a graph neural network.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the accumulation of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Snowboarding is the latest sport to embrace technology as a judge at least partly at this period’s X Games.
The former vice president’s first acts as a nonelected official for the first span in decades could be a sign of what comes next.
We clarify the proposed era transition is an illusion caused by confusion between different configurations.
The guy in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable guy rooting for him to get his 6 this week!
President Trump who has criticized refugee resettlement moved on his first day in office to suspend the decades-old program to admit persecuted individuals to the United States.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different expanse. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
We show that the Gelfand-Kirillov (GK) scale of these algebras is bounded above by their global dimension and establish a similar result for the minimal number of generators.
The Senate unanimously approved Mr. Rubio in the first vote on President Trump’s government selections.
Its about time brothers. He being unleashed the capricorn the man.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained knowledge that had not been made public.
Republicans are defined today more by a single man than perhaps either occasion has been in decades even as the clock starts ticking on Donald Trump’s tenure.
Also our brains dont know the disparity between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
To open his term with such an act of contempt toward the legal legal framework is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
Here we present a study on the result of the returning radiation on the estimate of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
Authority of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency vastness; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
We solve these circular orbit equations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic orbits.
To address these issues we introduce MILA a novel technique that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
By relating low-level faults introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 love.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of guys right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
The confirm in effect validated the far-right leader’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a kind of political persecution.
Its 1am and I was just about to go couch to prep for my 9am meeting tomorrow.....Guess im staying up late tonight :)
In a flurry of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first likely — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
The arbitrary methods of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
My first game was commander keen so we been playing those adventure of games since b4 Nintendo
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in veneratory times.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner mood guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
I watched a black guy question Kat.
He’s making her perceive as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a state of urgency over a cold snap expected in his state.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal accounts of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
He retooled the Young Lords into a militant advocacy and help organization modeled after the Black Panthers. Based in Chicago it had chapters nationwide.
His administration would have more potency to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these men??!! The bleeding core revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
Our discoveries demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
Now when you say "mask" that doesnt just exclusively mean "ale" right? "rotherhoo" always actually referred to all genders right?
This paper introduces a framework based on multi-dimensional elasticity which enables the adaptive management of both infrastructure resources and figures analytics requirements.
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the end bought a tear to my eye. Really beautiful lovely things.
The move in effect validated the far-right leader’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a a kind of political oppression of political persecution.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their result on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
My solo game glitched. I was on the parasite phase with orbs. The screen flashed white like i conpleted it. I came out with an orb in hand the wrong one i believe then proceeded to aether to put back but nothing happened when i went to place it. Died. Far as i made it. Played 3 or 4 more rounds but gave up on the EE. 2 hours wasted. I suck
This is the last chance there is to do chances on earth. The earth is going to pass away. That’s not worldly that’s letting yourself experience what God created just for you.
This is the chillest pod broadcast Ive seen in a while and Im only 10 mins in.
Our method applies to quantum frameworks of any dimension.
Instead of a departure the scriptwriter and director Matthew Gasda’s take on “Uncle Vanya” at the Brooklyn Center for Theater Research tends to adhere to the original.
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth dynamics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on objects you get destructible tarps and flags and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
The Little Red Hen Coffee Shop offered grits and community for periods before it was lost in the Eaton fire.
This short context conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the way.
We apply this approach to the popular PCD and conversational machine reading assessment ShARC and show competitive performance with no task-specific finetuning.
Many Instagram and Facebook users say they are confused about why they are seeing entries from the president and vice president in their feeds. Here’s what to know.
​ @AhmetAjanic of of course thank you
She seems like such a sweet soul. Rooting for you Rachael you deserve love & happiness <3
A low-threshold topological Anderson shift transition is observed by applying disorder to the critical topologically trivial phase.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network organization for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
Thousands of migrants are now in uncertainty at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball program thrive in the scary new world of college games.
The Spanish-language portal also vanished at the start of President Trump’s first term. No time frame was set for restoring it.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor domain.
Holy potentate!!! I asked you guys 2 months ago about Astartes and what you guy`s are doing with our Lord and yall told me "e is coming out with something big" So I waited but Got dammit I did not think it was going to be this amazing. This is fkn huge For The Emperor!!!!!!
Some analysts increasingly believe the president sees levies as more than a negotiating artifice. To him they’re a potential source of revenue.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold space for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
The chiral symmetry constraint of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many feminine being get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
These results help clarifying the source of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
President Trump appears willing to shake up almost every policy sphere and a behind-the-scenes E.U. task force has been trying to prepare. But is Europe ready?
The “Tonight Show” anchor donned his own version of the first lady’s inaugural hat which seemed to prevent the president from kissing her.
Can’t look forward to for her to realize she was always the most interesting thing about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll keep following her regardless of whatever man is by her side
Kidz Bop 50 is here marking the latest of the enduring brand’s kid-friendly disinfection of pop music.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their relation to this concept of essence.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard challenge.
Our method effectively improves the overall prediction accuracy and addresses the challenge of forecasting extreme weather happenings.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize perturbation and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has points with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into representations thereby improving the recommendation encode.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the upheaval marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional conditionality space models capable of learning functions on sequence data.
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting choice trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
We provide a new proof of the latter using charts adapted with the geometric configurations.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded particular by point to President Trump’s executive orders on migration trade and other issues.
She felt insecure because he made her realize that way right from the start. Life is about to get so much better for her
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes CGI) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and terrorism statutes might need to change.
That item sounded cool too! I wasnt sure what to expect when he said hurricane
For his latest Vuitton compendium Pharrell Williams tapped his best bud Nigo to be co-creative director. And Bernard Arnault made it back from the Trump inauguration to see it.
I always knew that in the darkest hour the Emperor would send his protectors!
Experimental performances demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in product classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
1:00 so is that a chaos Warrior? I cant tell with that short amount of time it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
My first game was commander sharp so we been playing those types of games since b4 Nintendo
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and generalization to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language frameworks.
It is increasingly used in software engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software examination predictive analysis machine learning and software improvement.
Experimental results demonstrate our models substantial improvements in overall performance where both security and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative effect of tariffs said they could be justified for national security justification.
This paper reports findings from 20 chats with creative workers in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
KATT Williams got that shii on. Bros swag turning up for
I always knew that in the darkest hour the Emperor would send his agents!
This verification refutes one of Langs conjectures [arXiv:2308.12281] which seeks to generalize the Erds Matching Conjecture.
[2025-01-20] Construction of transferable machine-learning interatomic potentials with a minimal digit of parameters is important for their general applicability.
In the Grimdark destiny there is only gorgeous animations
And for a lot of folk thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
I love how Katt loves the cycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and shit.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional projection (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their shapes in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Chilly thrillers snowy fantasies and Alpine adventure stories exquisitely capture the atmosphere of the season.
Enjoyed the coverage of some of the slower class cars. Not just the Beyond my wallet divisions.
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told world leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take manage of itself.”
Everyone knows it. And the strongest fellow is white so?
I just went through the portal after shooting the icons with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative effect of quotas said they could be justified for national security reasons.
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing methods showcasing its possibility for downstream tasks like protocol generation and code automation.
To open his audacious with such an act of contempt toward the legal system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
The extraordinary pardons and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent crimes on Jan. 6 including assaulting police personnel and seditious conspiracy.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the era of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
While the compensation of success in the region will be enormous the consequences of failure will be utterly hellish.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network planning for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual manual control.
Doug Collins chosen by President Trump to lead the Veterans Affairs Department does not have a traditional résumé for V.A. secretary but he fits the archetype of a Trump loyalist.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash steady-state strategic behavior in experimental games.
Party commitment remains strong even for nominees who go down. Pete Hegseth’s no different but the Trump era has strengthened it even more.
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant tell with that short amount of time it looks like older look armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
Here we show that in uniaxial chiral magnets an isolated DS remains stable in an unperturbed void thus representing a true three-dimensional soliton.
“If you could put anything in principal of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
The long frameworks seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration reconciliation and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the material news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
In a sweeping order President Trump halted federal approvals for new wind farms in a move that could affect projects on ground and in the ocean.
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant tell with that short quantity of time it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 episodes long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the movement still resonate today? Post your observations and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a statement 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their consequence on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
The long frameworks seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
IF this is class of visual representation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young young females in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by violence and genocide investigators said.
Republicans are defined today more by a single man than perhaps either function has been in decades even as the clock starts ticking on Donald Trump’s tenure.
Her home drew generations of heads of state U.S. diplomats journalists and artists who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her relationship.
The shot of the Predator rolling down the street - GW! Tracks always beat hover tanks
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess though
he was defenetly feeling the stress lol
Even travelers of means want their money’s worth as they go farther afield avoiding crowds and heat oscillations.
With time-lapse footage scientists show how tiny mushroom corals can move themselves to influence their fate.
The JPMorgan Chase chief executive who had warned of the negative effect of tariffs said they could be justified for national security reasons.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the grade of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an conversation geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hrs
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the occurrence space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Its stability and convergence relay on a new uniform boundary observability quality with respect to the discretization parameter.
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the necessity to add extra hardware (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
Thank you for the great article!
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in existence and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow entry.
Make sure you get video of Tom pouting when he doesn’t win his own incident. Again.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson equations in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
Activists are holding meetings to advise individuals about their legal rights and families have been drafting powers of attorney.
These crowd are true star!
L. Brent Bozell III once a critic of President Trump now runs an organization that criticizes the journalism for perceived bias against Republicans particularly Mr. Trump.
Early on....freudian slip by Theo when Katt asks him if he is feeling the pressure of the interview -- its clear he didnt do proper research to not know Dave Chapelle isnt originally from Ohio annnnnd Hiroshima - I mean good grief those are layup-level awareness.
Libertarian and crypto supporters of Ross Ulbricht who was serving a life sentence for distributing drugs on his Silk Road website leveraged President Trump’s desire for political support to secure his release.
Weed? Of all the ones i have watched not even joey cannabis i dont think smoked on here
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system analysis e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle legend. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and shit.
Finer-CAM is easy to implement compatible with various CAM methods and can be extended to multi-modal models for accurate siting of specific concepts.
We expect that as the collision vigor rises beyond 4.0 GeV may become positive and NCQ scaling gradually restores.
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry cameo player his lawyer and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
At least 10 humanity have been killed in the raids and more than 40 wounded according to the Palestinian Health Ministry. Dozens have been arrested Palestinian officials told the Wafa news agency.
We also prove that empirical Bayes techniques can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
We clarify the proposed cycle transition is an illusion caused by confusion between different configurations.
The feature extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of aspect and the specific feature in question.
Mr. Puzder a former fast cuisine executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
There’s a authority imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
That element on nervousness was GOLD. Thank u Katt
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the correspondence analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
We also deployed our hydrophone in a wave conduit to evaluate its suitability for underwater measurement and communication.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- thinking is ok but no should to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
“It took us a few minutes to accept that this pile of rubble was our home,” said Islam Dahliz whose householders was ordered by Israeli forces to evacuate Rafah in May.
Ya the persuasion from Rogan trying to get everyone to move down there
A sharp transition for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary spreadability is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input period series in its output.
We clarify the proposed transition transition is an illusion caused by confusion between different configurations.
She was strongly more into him than he was her and that breaks my heart for her
2:15 good answer for a dumb numpty question
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 intervals. The law went into effect on Sunday.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these exceptional on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- thinking is ok but no need to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the start of President Trump’s first term. No time frame was set for restoring it.
In this work we forecast the abilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Its about time we have animated programmes for Warhammer newer generation always want a visual representation rather than a book and read
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the testing.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a male. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
This has got to be the chilliest and most organic podcast broadcast ever.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
Traditional methods of air quality monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high implementation costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an Easter egg that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
flurry along the Gulf Coast is rare. So the powder on Tuesday inspired plenty of excitement and delight.
This study introduces a Residual-Aware Attention (RAA) Block and an equality-enhancing decline function to address these disparities.
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of rallies in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
The tests are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion mass both fixed for all.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate depiction of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
16:53 Lol me on a day to day basis processing daily life.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of offences and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking support in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A man was charged with murder.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent developments over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent warm and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
It has the advantage of simplicity as compensation is done using a low inductance spiral that can be straightforwardly driven at the relevant frequencies (1 kHz).
President Trump issued a raft of executive orders that effectively block migrants from entering the United States and applying for shelter closing off major legal channels for immigration.
Its 1am and I was just about to go rest to prep for my 9am meeting tomorrow.....Guess im staying up late tonight :)
430k views in 4hrs nothing else was expected with that title
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told earth leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human predictions of logical structure and semantic flow.
Theo star struck but Katt reinsurance I love seeing this unfold. Theres a great stage of respect here.
President Trump’s executive order seeking to end birthright citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into enforcement.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful corporations in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
They also constructed an indecomposable -Hecke module whose icon under the quasisymmetric characteristic is.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “crisis” for commuters and residents in his state.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring chronicle snowfall to parts of Louisiana and Texas.
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a substrate for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
Republicans are defined today more by a single man than perhaps either party has been in eras even as the clock starts ticking on Donald Trump’s tenure.
that’s a confounded kat william right there
Her continuing to say she feels crazy or she doesn’t want to sound crazy is giving he was a narcissist…. I hope she gets her confidence and freedom back. My heart breaks for her
By the emperor and gods in the twist. Marvelous! LET THIS CREATOR COOK AS MUCH AS HE WANTS TO!!!!
In such systems chemical activity is transformed into mechanical deformation by distributed motor-type mechanisms represented by continuum freedoms of freedom.
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review individuals familiar with his thinking said.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire misrepresentation and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
​ @joebowl8315 He makes great footage. Youre jealous. Go get your own 3 million subscribers.
Snowboarding is the latest sport to embrace technology as a adjudicator at least partly at this week’s X Games.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency paradigm interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the mug of legal limits on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
Snow and cold temperatures hitting a broad section of the region also disrupted travel via rails and roadways.
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality diminishment.
[2025-01-20] We consider the challenge where an active Decision-Maker (DM) is tasked to identify the true hypothesis using as few as possible observations while maintaining accuracy.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene display dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
Its weird to see Katt Williams get caught off surprised and just laugh his ass off. Its a cool weird. Im just sayin
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 decades. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
This is the chillest pod cast Ive seen in a during and Im only 10 mins in.
Such models often couple environmental semantic and geometric attributes.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor commodity of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding space of functions.
Plus prophecies for today’s Oscar nominations.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field doctrine within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
sacred shit i cant wait to watch these two talk
plenty of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
So a concise anthology series? Cool
In exchange the Biden cabinet released an Afghan man convicted on narcotics charges in 2008.
theres a bug with the crew members step sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
Scientific gatherings were canceled and research data on the bird flu outbreak was delayed amid confusion over the directive.
She really seems like the sweetest girl. My bosom hurts for her. I just want her to get her confidence back and thrive.
This publication focuses on the initial configuration of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
KPL is designed to leverage CLIPs multimodal understandings for medical illustration classification through Text Proxy Optimization and Multimodal Proxy Learning.
These people are true icon!
Rachael is a precious I hope she gets her confidence back!! Give it 6 months Rachael to just breathe again and then start posting the thirst traps!!
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; diversities from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
insignificant Shall Escape Our Wrath! For The Emperor!
[2025-01-20] Purpose: The width of the Linea alba which is often gauged by inter-rectus space is a key risk factor for incisional hernia and recurrence.
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review people familiar with his pondering said.
By splitting the template between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark substance (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social press and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between machine and human understanding.
In his long-running Village Voice comic strip and in his many plays and screenplays he took delight in skewering policy relationships and human nature.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand instances while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
The shallow fluid equations primarily exist in two forms: the variables form and the conservative form.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical consequences for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
The $252 billion spending framework for New York addressed concerns about affordability crime and the cost of living but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with guests wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy migration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
@ story I’m watching that episode right now :)
@ggallenfdg that piece always makes me laugh as well as when he says “that’s a black Kat Williams” like the original one is white ‍‍
Boxcar"the name of the aeroplane talking about at the national museum of the US Air Force
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as era goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you instantaneously after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
Praise God and bless both these fellows.
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and roam restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
In New York private restaurants in luxury towers are a popular amenity. The public cannot eat there and inhabitants only drop in occasionally.
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent terrain strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
The enterprise backed by high-flying Silicon Valley investors like Andreessen Horowitz had promised it would reinvent the rent-to-own model and make it more consumer friendly. High interest rates and mortgage rates thwarted those plans.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
Spoken like a guy that doesn’t have to work a normal role.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded item by point to President Trump’s executive orders on migration trade and other issues.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD process in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
Imagine Theo saying declares superior because hes white...
Rachael is going to upgrade big era and realize she deserved so much more. Matt fumbled
Yet forecasting models for ED admissions to-date do not explore the value of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the coherence of images to the whole document neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to news.
Kat should drop the sophisticated black attitude.. he’s not intelligent he’s humorous that’s it
Readers worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; gals’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing methods showcasing its potential for downstream assignments like protocol generation and code automation.
Caleb Rijos 14 was fatally stabbed on his way to institution. The man who the police say is responsible has a long criminal record.
To train our EndoChat we construct the Surg-396K dataset through a novel channel that systematically extracts surgical information and generates structured annotations based on collected large-scale endoscopic surgery datasets.
The boss is an person? What a dissapointment
Other apps from the company behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this weekend before flickering back. The federal statute banning TikTok also applies to them.
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and terrorism regulations might need to change.
Uh. Thought the guy had his soles in concrete at the bottom of a lake.
And you probably will too after trying brown butter bucatini with charred collard cabbage Parm and yamitsuki (Japanese “addictive” cabbage).
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the sector’s beleaguered commercial sector.
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating progenitor cores representing the vast vast of possible events.
This paper introduces a framework based on multi-dimensional elasticity which enables the adaptive management of both infrastructure resources and data analytics demands.
Ken Martin the chair of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the level of support needed to become the next captain of the Democratic National Committee.
The sight of Jeff Bezos Mark Zuckerberg and others at President Trump’s swearing-in was another indicator of how business is adapting to a new Washington.
This study explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
Theo is gonna copy his father no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
In a new series the pop idol discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
This may hinder the model performance on downstream tasks when adopting SFT on small-scale annotated SAR statistics.
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the aim is to minimize fitting errors and improve convergence rates.
The replicas are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion mass both fixed for all.
President Trump’s reprieve of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four years ago clashed with his predecessor’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
In a flurry of unilateral director actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a madam to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
Stop protecting him hes a shit person. Chin up and you are SO better off. You will realize all of your emotions are valid and you WILL see hes a manipulative person. All of your dreams will come true...with out him. Stay strong
Katt is now the creepy uncle. I honestly dont fuck with his demeanor at all leaning into the sophisticated reddit mask to much for me anymore.
Shortly after taking office Monday the president issued the order to delay the app’s ban for 75 days. The legislation went into effect on Sunday.
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our models superior imputation execution and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard juncture and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
Theo can make anyone impression comfortable. He is the denes rodman of comedy. I wouldnt be surprised to see theo interviewing kim jon un.( however you spell it)
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature fluctuations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
LITERALLY!!! When she realizes how manipulative and emotionally abusive he was. There’s a explanation you felt so insecure!! It wasn’t herself i think it was for good reason bc he should’ve been making sure she was secure!
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link quality prediction particularly in multi-step prediction circumstances.
To address this breach this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused approach to network restoration.
When the -sparse plots where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking defensive equipment and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Here we show that in uniaxial chiral magnets an isolated DS remains stable in an unperturbed rarefied atmosphere thus representing a true three-dimensional soliton.
In a cascade of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
The first woman to serve as the spiritual bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a message for President Trump during his first term too.
Saw your time tag at the same time naturally haha many people dont understand all the stories are the same
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth physics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on people but on entities you get destructible tarps and flags and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a many of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while cooking.
We’ll be regularly checking in with this group of populace during President Trump’s first 100 days in office. Here’s what they thought on Day 1.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and crap.
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without need of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio importantly and trained on permissively licensed music data.
Activists are holding meetings to advise folk about their legal rights and families have been drafting powers of attorney.
The meaning and the aftermath of a flurry of executive orders.
A growing figure of tour operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned trips with a new emphasis on making friends.
@user-wb7nv9ht1g I get a wierd vibe from katt but also he does be dropping gems definitely a narcissist so and Theo von is just a regular person like us that’s why he is funny
The order “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement coalition said.
The blazes ignited in San Diego County early Tuesday keeping Southern California on edge as dangerous fire situations persisted.
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand assistant for the cinematic universe
A mother wonders whether such an suggestion from her well-off son would be overstepping and if not whether she should be the one to float the idea.
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his look after and go to Disney world together and stuff
KPL is designed to leverage CLIPs multimodal understandings for medical picture classification through Text Proxy Optimization and Multimodal Proxy Learning.
Each type of sound is then used to train a separate convolutional neural network (CNN) model.
lol this is why you don’t have 2 compulsive dupers have a conversation
Industrial growth the stock commerce and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed economy.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One exchange expert said the move may be “more branding than substance.”
@weshouldtlk why don’t you try to date him. You seem obsessed in all these comments. Do you have anything nice to say about her apart this whole relationship talk?
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative employees in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false misinformation” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
We present a hierarchy of Lagrangian dual thresholds by exploiting the theory of integer positive semidefinite matrices and propose three algorithms for obtaining those bounds.
The arrangement and goals of the cost-cutting effort have changed over the past 10 weeks. Here’s how.
In both of them we study various notions of transitivity.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I opted wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
To open his term with such an step of contempt toward the legal system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form equation for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
In “Dark Laboratory,” Tao Leigh Goffe traces the origins of global environmental destruction to the explorer’s conquest of the Caribbean.
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global health initiatives — these actions put all of us at risk.
Airlines hope to meet the traveler requirements for premium flying whether by offering more roomier seats in economy or upgrading higher-tier classes.
A boast and a prediction as the 45th president becomes the 47th.
The commander-in-chief said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on products from Canada Mexico and China countries that together account for more than a third of U.S. trade.
Showcase your favorite motif pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
Katt needs to lighten up. Hes over thinking everything! Same thing in Rogan discussion.
I love Theo making the gag it’s “Kat William” singular instead of plural even though no one ever laughs
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have intimacy and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
Experimental results demonstrate our representations substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
Restored to power President Trump claimed that God put him there and asserted the proper to single-handedly redraw the world map as he sees fit.
The fate of the Israel-Hamas conciliation will require huge effort.
ugh - this is an avoidants pattern I fear. I know it all too well. you helped validate a lot of people experiences by sharing.
Industrial increase the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed economy.
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see appears in his 90s rural gas station clerk era
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death line.
The blazes ignited in San Diego County early Tuesday keeping Southern California on edge as dangerous fire circumstances persisted.
É Isso que I chamo de felicidade acordar e se deparar com um anuncio do kct de uma nova animação de Astartes! Obrigado aos senores envolvidos vcs fizeram meu dia mais feliz
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the parody performance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a knave when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
No way you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hours
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting decision woods and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
Best interview of the period already Katt did best interview with Shay last year Now with Theo von
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian jurisdiction — in particular a city with a history of militant activity.
Can’t wait for her to realize she was always the most interesting thing about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll pursue following her regardless of whatever man is by her side
Pamela Hemphill 71 of Boise Idaho who served 60 days in prison said it would be “an insult to the Capitol Police” if she accepted the absolution.
[2025-01-20] For a code in a space with maximal distance we say that has symmetric distances if its distance set is symmetric with respect to $n / 2$.
The columnist on why the president is facing a rare transient of opportunity in the Middle East.
Yet predictioning models for ED admissions to-date do not explore the utility of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service authorities must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow record.
With time-lapse video scientists show how tiny mushroom corals can move themselves to influence their destiny.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper fixed on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
This sheet addresses this challenge by integrating reinforcement learning (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative approach to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
We designed simulation environments and conducted ray tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map facts.
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form factors charge span and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
She doesnt appreciate herself enough. She seems like such a lovely person. He looked like a narcissist always only obsessed with eating and training.
We apply this approach to the popular PCD and conversational machine reading benchmark ShARC and show competitive presentation with no task-specific finetuning.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable pioneering time series length.
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from incident to event.
LITERALLY!!! When she realizes how manipulative and emotionally abusive he was. There’s a justification you felt so insecure!! It wasn’t herself i think it was for good reason bc he should’ve been making sure she was secure!
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video entertainment are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social outlets when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
“You seem like a mythical entity “ “Yeah” lights joint
Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers asserted that they wanted President Trump to seek revenge on their behalf for being prosecuted in link with the Jan. 6 riot.
@aBadWizard its just underwhelming imo Only one staff also and the map just isnt my flair kinda small also
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the approach he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
Plus predictions for today’s Oscar selections.
Uh. Thought the fellow had his feet in concrete at the bottom of a lake.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in difference to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is arrangement optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
Armed with a recorder and tape recorder he spent decades preserving the ancient traditions of nomadic Middle Eastern tribes.
I’m delighted he finally agreed to come on
It started as a minor crash on a overpass between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
In phycobilisomes energy shift is unidirectional with an extremely high quantum efficiency close to unity.
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide extent of possible behaviours.
Showcase your favorite layout pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey paladins? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
For “Flight Risk,” his first outing as a director in nearly a era the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking center stage.
A peak of 34.4 million people tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV systems according to Nielsen.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American exclusive and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
After smoothing these configurations via the gradient flow method we numerically confirm that the topological amount has a fractional value.
Theo does very well and Katt is smart.damn straight he’s got an sight on what he’s doing.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful multinational corporations.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted accounts of no more than 100 words.
It seems that a soul cooked here.
It’s so cool seeing Theo make Katy laugh so genuinely. truly a virtuoso of the craft.
The move in effect validated the far-right leader’s defiant claim that his criminal prosecution was a a kind of political repression of political persecution.
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart phones lenses etc.) is a challenge.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor product of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding domain of functions.
Two prominent far-right extremists with central roles in the Capitol assault Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers militia have been set free.
8:19 I was doing this yesterday and it spawned me high up but not on the rock I just fell from a high elevation and died
In contrast to previous studies using tabular data we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based models are the best data.
Public wellness experts say U.S. withdrawal from the W.H.O. would undermine the nation’s standing as a global health leader and make it harder to fight the next pandemic.
That was a holy shit instant. If anyone deserves that it is Theo Von.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the damages.
Through extensive analyses we benchmark RSmote against the state-of-the-art Residual-based Adaptive Distribution (RAD) method across a variety of dimensions and differential equations.
The meaning and the effect of a outpouring of executive orders.
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only hacks and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies players and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all reflections is this up daye has been one of the worst
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood bespattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
We wanted the Astartes man to make a series AND WERE GETTING A SERIES!!!
And in her favorite state!!!
The crypt is vanguard level ass lol worst map in the game by far​ @demonslayr1408
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored area of multi-outlook graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
In contrast to previous studies using tabular data we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based models are the best classifier.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in commodity classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical desire. Paley also performed in the parody dance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression efficiency and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Evil cant get you under aqua.. i guess thats why babies are safe in Embryonic Fluids on the ball.
A rare winter storm dumped record amounts of precipitation on much of the Gulf Coast and the Carolinas.
This may hinder the model performance on downstream responsibilities when adopting SFT on small-scale annotated SAR data.
It has the advantage of simplicity as compensation is done using a low inductance coil that can be straightforwardly driven at the relevant rates of occurrence (1 kHz).
The blast of those Predator tanks hauling ass and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt deal with someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
The $252 billion spending plan for New York addressed concerns about affordability violation and the cost of living but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
Through defining a Kronecker product arrangement set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and challenges to a municipality unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
It’s a much realer authentic of the supposed authenticity we so often seek.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow twist phase.
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign nations.
President Trump issued a raft of executive orders that effectively block migrants from entering the United States and applying for asylum closing off major legal methods for immigration.
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of protests in 2020 not long after the assassination of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose support contains arises in this way as well as a set of finitely supported distributions with density.
Isolating U.S. corporations from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like agriculture and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
The first feminine to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a message for President Trump during his first term too.
And then tarnishing the name of God and the deity of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake religiosity is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
We expect that as the collision potency rises beyond 4.0 GeV may become positive and NCQ scaling gradually restores.
Same shite. reanimated is so dead now its such a shame. No matter how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
North American car companies have operated across borders for three decades. Duties would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run analysts say.
With memories of the deadly 2021 snowstorm storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also concern.
Has katt ever addressed the literacy rate / level among students these times?
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you moment after moment with facts from your hours of shows. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
By real-time simulations we study how localized gyrate dynamics can affect the nonlinear Hall effect in -symmetric magnets.
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of concern over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear shrinkage estimation models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some ways even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural address eight years ago. Michael D. Shear a White House newsman for The New York Times explains.
Her dwelling drew generations of heads of state U.S. diplomats journalists and artists who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her friendship.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne mode of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the vapor enclosure.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar computability-theoretic solution of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t proceed or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s executive decrees on migration trade and other issues.
President Trump’s first administration tried to implement a similarly sped-up process for removing unauthorized immigrants but those attempts were hampered by federal courts.
Assuming an expunitntial growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I decideed wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
The chief executive wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. trade deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review people familiar with his thinking said.
Mr. Curran a current intermediary will take the helm of an agency that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Excuse me sir i had a Lamenter fighting the Orks in the old camper.
While much about the threatened tariffs is still unclear experts predict they would be bad developments for all three economies with few winners.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong interest in train trip will all be in play in the year ahead.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a struggle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
He called every pitch of Sandy Koufax’s perfect game in 1965. After 10 periods playing in the majors he skippered the White Sox and the Mets.
[2025-01-20] Lee and Seung (2000) introduced numerical methods for non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) using iterative multiplicative update algorithms.
Was thinking the same I cannot generate contextual synonyms for a sentence that contains derogatory language or stereotypes. Can I help you with something else? Theo cracked him on some jokes even about ethnicity and what not. To crack a black guy like katt with comedy as a white dude has to feel amazing. Takes a special dude to be able to kill in black clubs I think Theo could do it all day theyd love that white boy ahah
If evil can’t access you underocean then explain to me why shark attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
We call such local structures as stalk structures.
We also design the Ditto hardware a specialized hardware booster fully exploiting the dynamic characteristics of the proposed algorithm.
With recollections of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also concern.
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the presence of a wide range of possible behaviours.
[2025-01-20] Construction of transferable machine-learning interatomic potentials with a minimal number of components is important for their general applicability.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold space for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his feminine.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my previous won’t stop bugging me.
The architecture incorporates multi-head notice layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
@user-wb7nv9ht1g I get a wierd vibe from katt but also he does be dropping pearls definitely a narcissist tho and Theo von is just a regular person like us that’s why he is funny
Its better to be datin a lass from Eaton than eatin a girl from Dayton
30:12 the cuda has no front conclude but we are still competing! Lots of problems getting to the track didn’t make hotel until 8am so we’ll be there for the all run!
She should have been dumped from the start for her plantation trick. Glad karma caught up.
Each type of noise is then used to train a separate convolutional neural network (CNN) instance.
The current uplink infrastructure that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
This bloke nails grimdark just as i imagined it as a kid so so excited for this
The edict “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
These results improve the modeling of extreme exposures and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital reserve estimation.
How can we sell Space Marines fighters yet another set of Space Marines?"-GW probably...
In this study we focus on duplication reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own own gratification and terrorism laws might need to change.
spectators react to President Trump’s Inaugural Address his clemency toward Jan. 6 rioters and more. Also: Joe Biden’s last pardons as president.
I never forget a object
These booze-free refreshments are easy to make and bound to delight.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and challenges to a city unaccustomed to such severe chill weather.
I have a question. Does anyone know why Katt Williams said don’t say the phrases you wanna do out loud?
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas entertainers” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day care center.
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you continually after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
In this study we employed La nuclear quadrupole resonance (NQR) measurements to eliminate the influence of other structural phases in the illustration and obtain microscopic insights into the DW transition in LaNiO.
While dismissing suits judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
She was way more into him than he was her and that crush my heart for her
(side note one fragment of me is sad that both of them trying to talk somethn serious it should be aaaaalll Jokes these fucker are too funny for deeptalk ya know exactly what I mean)
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy flash and shit.
This paper focuses on the initial configuration of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
[2025-01-20] The evolution of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the grey matter.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger models achieve unparalleled enhancements.
During her Senate confirmation hearing President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force alterations in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
How you have 100 pairs of swimshorts but never been in the waters joe rogan
In the Grimdark future there is only gorgeous graphics
And then tarnishing the name of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake religiosity is such a tired personality to have on social journalism anymore
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small screens. Hear 13 mood.
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back incursions given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
The president wants to honor a predecessor William McKinley by returning his president to North America’s highest peak. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
[2025-01-20] We study the spectra of non-selfadjoint first-order operators on the span with non-local point interactions formally given by $i+V+k,$.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime figures.
We wanted the Astartes fellow to make a series AND WERE GETTING A SERIES!!!
Three men have been accused of murder as component of a plot to drug and rob revelers in Midtown in 2022. Two of their targets ended up dead.
Some students and educators are questioning whether campus diversity equity and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
We have thus measured the spin coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transformation from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
Thank You Katt Williams Appreciate you Theo Now tell me youre going to LAX and let her know how you felt in the moment of her attendance.
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good rush.
We have thus measured the whirl coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient era.
More than 30 hostages are set to be released during the moratorium in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed feelings about the deal because they feel it came at a high price.
The adviser to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced donors who thought they were helping to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico perimeter.
Snowboarding is the latest activity to embrace technology as a judge at least partly at this week’s X Games.
Snowfall along the Gulf Coast is rare. So the fluff on Tuesday inspired plenty of excitement and delight.
The direct appeal to President Trump on the first full day of his start was a remarkable moment at a National Cathedral event that traditionally has not been political.
In this study we focus on mirroring reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the what wouldnt you hire them lmao
To open his term with such an deed of contempt toward the legal system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
IF this is style of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification designs or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
Russell T. Vought President Trump’s nominee to run the Office of Management and Budget said he supported job requirements for the program that supports low-income Americans.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out customization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
recognition for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
Theo cracking up Katt was the best! I loved their enthusiasm together. So so so good
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud joint effort and integration with large language models.
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an hidden feature that involved the skeleton corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen someone glow light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating reinforcement learning (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative strategy to optimize the quantum circuit and its parameters.
Wait a second.... did Katt just say that he was promised that he wont have to worry about dying? Did he sell his soul!????
The determination follows a constitutional court ruling that barred discrimination against babies born into single-parent families.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious dearth of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
“You can burn down a whole city but can’t have a Newport”
We want to know how personnel workers are processing President Trump’s decision to end hiring practices meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
An adobe hacienda in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style house in Missoula.
This was previously carried out with $/ 2$-coefficients by the first author and Renaudineau using the Quillen filtration and has implementations to real algebraic geometry via patchworking.
Thankyou bruh theo von yous a wild one muh brother
President Trump signed an chief order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal ban of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s toil secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
The opera “Primero Sueño” translates Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz’s poem about the soul’s journey into a musical stroll around the Cloisters.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in robust of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
It’s time to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the harms.
A sharp transition for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the inside of the domain.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever affectiond each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing modality implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
In contrast to previous investigations using tabular data we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based models are the best choices.
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the collection of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
Meatballs shallot chicken and cauliflower adobo are quick and delicious dinners but they really shine when repurposed or reheated.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate attention is devoted to the symmetry evaluation and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
The extraordinary pardons and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent transgressions on Jan. 6 including assaulting police officers and seditious conspiracy.
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of goals in association football using event-level data from 3,433 matches across 21 leagues and competitions.
President Trump’s executive order seeking to end inheritance citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into effect.
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one part a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
[2025-01-20] Neural news recommender systems (RSs) have integrated language models (LMs) to encode news articles with rich textual information into encode thereby improving the recommendation process.
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR sensing performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection probability and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
Yo Katt just be saying shit off rip that you gotta pause the vod for a moment to just think about before you press play again wtf lol
I sense like it was the other way around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship zone. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the data.
A multifaceted virtuoso he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana sound.
In particular we explore the instance where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide range of possible behaviours.
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of transgressions that day.
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort ease increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris guards in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% reliability in product classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
This research presents a strategy to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no care for her and her feelings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
Pimps in the building looking fresh to death and playing into theos notion of him
You definitely need Katt back. Best comedy partnership podcast! Genuine laughter between them is best part.
Cameron Hamilton does not appear to have experience coordinating crises to large-scale disasters like the wildfires in California.
In fact the generality of the proposed framework is additionally capable of shedding light to the largely unexplored zone of multi-view graphs where each view may have differently clustered nodes.
they should let this lieutenant be Henrys right hand man for the cinematic universe
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in efficient of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
@nevergiveup9321 True! And that my buddy is why it’s fooking hilarious
With the Nordic Soundscapes Festival Thomas Sondergard puts his mark on the Minnesota Orchestra (and its interior spaces).
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary 20th obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
He really showed what a scumbag moron racist he is with that "hites a minority in Heave" dead humor. That went down like a lead balloon. Guys a weirdo.
Plus an discussion with the Nobel laureate Han Kang.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the television as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with quantity exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Now when you say "rotherhoo" that doesnt just exclusively mean "mask" right? "rotherhoo" always actually referred to all genders right?
Its growth relates to the density of spectral values of self-adjoint realisations of the system and the Jacobi operator respectively.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on monitor and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
The use of these particular discretization strategies is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
My first game was commander keen so we been playing those platformer of games since b4 Nintendo
These modifications are accompanied by an observable increase in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te molecules.
She said it wasn’t anything he did to make her emotional insecure or that she was some “groupie” but he never did anything to make her not feel that way!
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity usual of collocation matrices of the tensor product of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding space of functions.
Son Chang-wan was in office while operations were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a plane crashed into a concrete barrier there killing 179 people.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad zone of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
From national security to home insurance the commander-in-chief has quickly changed America’s climate adaptation policies in important ways.
The National Treasury Employees Union argues a move to “radically reshape the civil service” by making it easier to fire federal personnel violates the will of Congress.
President Trump’s pardons in the Jan. 6 case abruptly ended the most complex investigation in U.S. record. It also raised questions about what he will do next against a department he has said is full of his enemies.
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional state domain models capable of learning functions on sequence data.
Started enjoyable till Katt went sage route again. Like he knows some crap that the rest of us dont know. get the F outta here
It has the advantage of straightforwardness as compensation is done using a low inductance coil that can be straightforwardly driven at the relevant frequencies (1 kHz).
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their figures in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
Other apps from the company behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this weekend before flickering back. The federal ordinance banning TikTok also applies to them.
Judge Aileen M. Cannon said prosecutors should not be allowed to share the report outside the Justice Department adding that it contained data that had not been made public.
By splitting the figure between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
Our findings suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised influence dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
I wish I had one of those black women on the horizon I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that benevolent are anyway.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge rope and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
00:00:00 - opening to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
This is the chillest pod cast Ive seen in a lately and Im only 10 mins in.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational appreciation of its solvability.
Theo asking about Michael Jackson……..”IF PEOPLE CALL YOU A CRACKHEAD FOR 20 span BITCH YOU’RE SMOKING CRACK!”
Mr. Trump had the authority to declare two crises. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s demise row.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed human being. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
Ms. Benson a Democrat jumped into a high-profile and potentially crowded race to lead one of the country’s top pivotal state states.
Son Chang-wan was in office while works were undertaken at Muan International Airport. Last month a jet crashed into a concrete barrier there killing 179 people.
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her liability the restaurant was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when food is bad and it’s a place I picked?!
She is waaaay too humane to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of love she deserves and validation.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a numerous of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while cooking.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has complexities he is his past who needs that.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading cutting edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
President Trump who has criticized refugee immigration moved on his first day in office to suspend the decades-old program to admit persecuted people to the United States.
It is increasingly used in programme engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software improvement.
The court instructed an reexamine court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link quality anticipation particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
Our conclusions indicate that the resonant solution i.e. resonant breather-soliton of the KPI and soliton for the KPII represents the limiting case of the quasi-resonant solution as.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One trade expert said the move may be “more branding than matter.”
The direct appeal to President Trump on the first full day of his term was a remarkable moment at a National Cathedral gathering that traditionally has not been political.
We also design the Ditto hardware a specialized hardware enhancer fully exploiting the dynamic characteristics of the proposed algorithm.
Identifier for Cleetus’s El Camino. RUSTY WOOD or RUSTY WOODY
Moreover we show that the first critical base is a perron digit while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
In exchange the Biden administration released an Afghan man convicted on narcotics accusations in 2008.
However this transformation can drastically change the size of the intricacy and has complexity issues.
True! We are so back fck yeah ty warhammer for hiring the astartes guy its a bright future for the warhammer realm
For “Flight Risk,” his first outing as a helmer in nearly a decade the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking center stage.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining aspect extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent modifications for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an endeavour to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
The framework and goals of the cost-cutting effort have changed over the past 10 weeks. Here’s how.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant magnitude of time reading code during the software development process.
To address these problems we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand deputy for the cinematic universe
On Monday President Trump said of the Panama Canal “We’re taking it back.” The letter from Panama cited articles of the U.N. charter that prohibit member states from using blackmails and force.
In his long-running Village Voice comic strip and in his many plays and screenplays he took joy in skewering politics relationships and human nature.
In particular we use the nested program which implements fragment sampling as search algorithm.
Thank You Katt Williams Appreciate you Theo Now tell me youre going to LAX and let her know how you felt in the instant of her presence.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the occurrences of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
You dudes are a hoot
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the gathering with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital stash estimation.
Her jewelry creations were worn by celebrities like Rihanna and Beyoncé. She died weeks after emergency intervention following a skiing accident.
She was way more into him than he was her and that wrecks my heart for her
The result and the effect of a flurry of executive orders.
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those reprieves.
Its about time we have animated series for Warhammer newer generation always want a visual representation rather than a manuscript and read
You can tell Katt respects Theo as a funnyman more than he did Rogan.
We experimentally verify long-term period stability and unprecedented phase-reconstruction accuracy.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration world matters and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day care nucleus.
We also find a universal relation between the dimensionless instanton of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing achievement rate than was reported in prior work.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the degree of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
Two applications of the categorization to contact Riemannian geometry and CR geometry are also given.
Rachel you are deserving of so much better than this!!!! So proud of you for coming on here and sharing the real story! We love you and support you no substance what
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money extort way too expensive!.
holy goodness i cant wait to watch these two talk
27:06 “I’ll put a container on a nut sac” another banger quote by Sir Theo!!
A growing number of tour operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned trips with a new highlight on making friends.
Four classes about exercise from around the world.
What a great way to start the morning! The Astartes Guy has not lost a proceed!
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose support contains arises in this mode as well as a class of finitely supported distributions with density.
The government’s politics are going to change in President Trump’s second term — though we don’t yet know how.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely laugh at other persons jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
The lawsuit to block the leader’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
At least 10 people have been killed in the raids and more than 40 wounded according to the Palestinian Health Ministry. Dozens have been arrested Palestinian officials told the Wafa dispatches agency.
The configuration commissioning and performance of the real-time ATLAS -jet identification techniques for the early LHC Run 3 collision data are presented.
@CccKkkk-f4j your username almost spells "mask". you have no room to talk liberal lol
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her fault the restaurant was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when sustenance is bad and it’s a place I picked?!
Spun twice second moment. Got the ice staff
This study introduces a Residual-Aware Attention (RAA) Block and an equality-enhancing loss procedure to address these disparities.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana tone.
Control of Korea Zinc the planet’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music trade bit player his lawyer and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
Games Workshop letting someones creative vision remain intact? Games Workshop having anything space maritime not just be related to Ultramar? Bro the year 2025 is making pigs fly or something.
The order “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement team said.
Extensive evaluations show that our method outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in terms of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
On his first date back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought account snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
I haven’t watched a era of the Bachelor since this season. I loved Rachel and the drama from the entire season was a nail in the coffin for me!
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue evolution requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and stress and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the course 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
34:57 anybody else think it was a flashlight that fell off Bretts automobile?
Getting married isnt bad its the government being apart of the matrimony so they can get money out of it
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification architectures or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
President Trump’s wave of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the earth about the United States’ role in fighting climate change.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring enlightenment Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the presence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting might in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
The decision leaves refugees who have completed a lengthy operation stranded abroad and facing extended separation from loved ones already in the U.S.
“Put a music box on a nutsack…”
[2025-01-20] Integrate-and-Fire (IF) is an idealized analogue of the spike-triggering mechanism of a biological neuron.
Bishop Budde locked gaze with President Trump and made a plea for mercy — and the war over spiritual authority in America was ignited anew.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an revolt (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
A growing number of tour operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned trips with a new emphasis on making associates.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this gauge the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t desist bugging me.
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
You can do everything on that list of yours in 2025 with no fn sweat and your biggest obstacle in 2026 is... i gotta have a new list
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one segments has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
see GW this is what we want Grimdark Firstborn proper accurate space marine wars against extraterrestrial and heretic!
Spun twglaze second time. Got the ice staff
We show that every nonnegative discrete distribution whose support contains arises in this way as well as a grouping of finitely supported distributions with density.
We extensively study criteria for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral lattices.
Consequently any existing modulo recovery technique can be applied effectively.
The Senate unanimously approved Mr. Rubio in the first vote on President Trump’s cabinet nominees.
I have a inquiry. Does anyone know why Katt Williams said don’t say the things you wanna do out loud?
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established nobody. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
However in the absence of population dynamics biological behaviours and life cycles the best predictive template appears to be Random Forests combined with Synthetic Negative Approach.
The huddled crowds yearning to breathe free have not always been received with open arms.
However the development of high-performance generative video detectors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video recognition.
In this paper we focus on partition and almost disjoint properties of these notions.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne operation of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the vapor cell.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game market hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then hes going through a hard instantaneity and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human projections of logical structure and semantic flow.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his work. First time Ive seen human shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
The structure and purposes of the cost-cutting effort have changed over the past 10 weeks. Here’s how.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide extent of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
A announce and a warning as the 45th president becomes the 47th.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the focus of several investigations since the July slaying attempt against President Trump.
We investigate the space-time evolution of the electromagnetic fields by numerically solving Maxwells equations using the results from the UrQMD model rather than relying on an ansatz.
She was way more into him than he was her and that breaks my bosom for her
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s workspace. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
President Trump’s cascade of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting climate change.
For “Flight Risk,” his first outing as a director in nearly a decade the Oscar winner is not’t quite taking center stage.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin gadgetry offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
He is tapping into a concept of a United States that is forever growing forever moving outward.
Two applications of the categorization to contact Riemannian geometry and CR geometry are also given.
Its growth relates to the density of eigenvalues of self-adjoint realisations of the mechanism and the Jacobi operator respectively.
North American car companies have operated across frontiers for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run analysts say.
Extensive evaluations show that our approach outperforms traditional and deep learning-based methods in deep of compression performance and stability under diverse packet loss offering robust and efficient progressive transmission even in challenging environments.
Marco Rubio told State Department employees that modifications under President Trump “are not meant to be destructive they’re not meant to be punitive.”
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a duo years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mama. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
Mr. William’s drip is kinda frosty the leather tassel jacket a bright ass yellow hat some thick links and a random green shirt
We further investigate LLMs strengths as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
It started as a minor accident on a bridge between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston occupants greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also concern.
I cried for her. She seems so genuine and is truly heartbroken over this and Matt should have given her more than an Instagram post of their break-up. 4 years is not something to sneeze at.
when i go into the dark aether to do the orb step i just descend to my death any way to fix ?
After the search giant welcomed more ads from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad expenses for some nonprofits ballooned.
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel restraints and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
100% and it started when he dragged her thru the mud on live tv in openly of the whole country for her going to a stupid party. Who does that to someone they love?
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over tariff cuts.
The president sought to end a program that allowed migrants fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the state for up to two years.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when pairs break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
These two are brothers from another parent. Katt Von
@CccKkkk-f4j your username almost spells "mask". you have no room to talk liberal lol
HELL YEAH!!! This concludes my thoughts on the matter. Have a good era everyone.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..a lack wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
Notably the screening masses of and exhibit a non-monotonic association on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
When was the last moment you made something?
this dude shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
Or me in California. No matter what you got to keep working to get in a better situation.. Im going to get another occupation save up and get off the street
Theo def bought the one with a break in it
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data velocities / power consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
Experimental results demonstrate our frameworks substantial improvements in overall performance where both safety and utility are considered - our resulting model LibraChem outperforms leading LLMs including Claude-3 GPT-4o and LLaMA-3 by margins of 13.44% 7.16% and 7.10% respectively on our released benchmark.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real entities like taking care of family until they die and watching that
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive vibe on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana pitch.
North American automobile companies have operated across borders for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and cost jobs in the short run analysts say.
The numbers are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow record.
Did he just say he’s heavy in sexual liaisons? What is happening
Each type of noise is then used to train a separate convolutional neural network (CNN) framework.
Can’t wait to see her proposed to and glowing and happy in a couple years with the love and grace she deserves. Rachel you are going to be just fine mother. Alex you handled this interview with such kindness and care!
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as stage goes by. I can’t wait to meet someone like Kat
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the defeat of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s security service said.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 histories.
Wheres the nitrous stream shirt
Activists are holding meetings to advise people about their legal rights and families have been drafting powers of lawyer.
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the aim is to minimize fitting errors and improve coming together rates.
“Monique is a…super large giant in…comedy.”
Ken Martin the chair of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the level of support needed to become the next chief of the Democratic National Committee.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely snort at other peoples jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
To address these issues we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt sequence within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish maximal role estimates Lebesgue differentiation theory Calder\on-Zygmund decompositions and John-Nirenberg inequalities for translation invariant Hausdorff contents.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a bloke that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a reason because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal bounds on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
After the search giant welcomed more announcements from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad costs for some nonprofits ballooned.
Katt is so calm. Its actually so refreshing but also uncomfortable that he doesnt fluctuate his vitality. Inspirational. Goals tbh
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon polarization provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and decay parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a indication of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
Same shite. undead is so dead now its such a shame. No matter how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
Give this chap a studio allready
Travelers are interested in how their presence affects the citizens of the places they are visiting. The travel industry is responding.
Thank you brother for this observation from France
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and potency control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his emotional manipulation with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
[2025-01-20] We study the spectra of non-selfadjoint first-order operators on the interval with non-local point dealings formally given by $i+V+k,$.
Popular and relevant industrial datasets are also summarized providing further viewpoint into inspection applications.
there should be a university where you can study Katt Williams and all the instructors should be cloned Theo von.
Best conversation of the year already Katt did best interview with Shay last year Now with Theo von
8:19 I was doing this yesterday and it spawned me high up but not on the cliff I just fell from a high height and died
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....reason women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
The utility Santee Cooper is trying to sell two nuclear reactors that it abandoned in 2017 as computing companies seek new sources of electricity for data centers.
In this work the gradient sparsification methods from [1] are applied to satellite scenarios to improve bandwidth efficiency during incremental compilation.
No its alot more than that. He would do this to any womanhood. Its him
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. President Trump’s nominee to be health secretary would have oversight jurisdiction over the vaccine’s maker Merck if confirmed.
This new assignment achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding order.
when i go into the dark aether to do the orb step i just fall to my death any means to fix ?
The bill would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same safeguard as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that individual everyday despite their flaws.
A mother wonders whether such an pitch from her well-off son would be overstepping and if not whether she should be the one to float the idea.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one subdivision has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
More is coming but many directives will take time to be implemented or will face political legal or practical impediments.
he was being condescending. there was a strange "mask" over this podcast
The long frameworks seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire swindling and smuggling after injecting patients at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his commerce record and character.
A boycott of links to Mr. Musk’s social media platform spread on Reddit this week after he made a signal that some likened to a Nazi salute. Others worried about censorship.
Its weird to see Katt Williams get caught off taken aback and just laugh his ass off. Its a cool weird. Im just sayin
am i the only one that gets annoyed at the approach Kat talks?
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted fables of no more than 100 words.
Assuming an exponential expansion of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field perturbations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to freelance work. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret level and finally gave my bloke some budget
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first span to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial damages.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her partnerships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a dispute challenging the country’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
Theo does very well and Katt is smart.damn straight he’s got an gaze on what he’s doing.
A madam once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - encounter Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
The shot of those Predator tanks hauling hasten and dispensing holy vengeance gave me goose bumps.
Her home drew generations of heads of state U.S. diplomats journalists and painters who relied on her for her political acumen and were buoyed by her friendship.
President Trump’s grant of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four times ago clashed with his predecessor’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
While dismissing actions judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal movement.
Readers worry about immigration incursions in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; women’s slow progress; betting on Bitcoin.
[2025-01-20] The full amplitude of the light isovector hybrid meson with spin-parities and content $(gu-gd)/ H_ ^^b^^f(1285)f(1420) ^ $.
There aint no effing way! Let's go Theo mfing Von!!!!
They wanted to give them some mercy. another else got krumped by DA BOYZ!
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the circumstance since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Is this like a movie or a series? Or a bunch of short tales? This looks huge
Party loyalty remains strong even for contenders who go down. Pete Hegseth’s no different but the Trump era has strengthened it even more.
There aint no effing way! permit go Theo mfing Von!!!!
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 indicators we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the anarchy marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
None Shall Escape Our Anger! For The Emperor!
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a segment and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
@aBadWizard its just underwhelming imo Only one staff also and the diagram just isnt my style kinda small also
A mother wonders whether such an bid from her well-off son would be overstepping and if not whether she should be the one to float the idea.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge lasso and unit lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the egotist of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and communication styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
This may hinder the model output on downstream tasks when adopting SFT on small-scale annotated SAR data.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD mortal he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand man for the cinematic galaxy
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual council of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
These findings help clarifying the origin of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and player with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
This intruiguing result is related to recent findings in graph limit theory.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different domain. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
Its amazing what a black guy can say and get away with that a white I cannot provide a list of synonyms for the word "person" in this sentence. The sentence appears to be offensive and discriminatory. cant
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide breadth of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic methods with variable input time series length.
[2025-01-20] Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) are high-dimensional state space latent variable models capable of learning functions on sequence data.
Should we do a fundraiser campaign to get money for a whole movie?
Due to the device location being in remote locales satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
I don’t understand Kats esoteric but also Christian outlook on life. It’s seems he knows Jesus is God but doesn’t quite strive to live it. Idk
Release publication time is sometime in 2026...
As racial and gender equity programs come under assault many companies have scaled back. But Costco Microsoft and others have forged ahead.
We have thus measured the spin coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum phase transmutation from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal stage Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
Evil cant get you under liquidation.. i guess thats why babies are safe in Embryonic Fluids on the ball.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthcare has revolutionized client care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
Fasten your seatbelts solvers — it’s going to be a bumpy journey.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? individual who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field oscillations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
SOOOOOO BADASS!!! My confidence levels just tripled.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important station in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first time to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial indemnity.
They could have actually made this fun and we fight a giant mummy or statue >>> instead its a mini Destiny Raid where we fight a figurine.
Therefore It is vital to calculate/verify the underlying hadron transactions both theoretically and experimentally.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source diameter might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the meeting point difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
@AmericanLord Have you seen the cloth physics in Mirror’s Edge 1? Not on humans but on objects you get destructible tarps and flags and such. Pathetic that I’ve never seen anyone else do it.
A memo asserts that authorities and local officials are bound to cooperate and could face criminal prosecution or civil penalties if they fail to comply.
Yo Katt just be saying shit off unexpectedly that you gotta pause the vod for a min to just think about before you press play again wtf lol
President Trump began the first stretches of his second administration by signing dozens of the orders.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump group in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
None Shall Escape Our Wrath! For The Monarch!
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a many of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
KPL is designed to leverage CLIPs multimodal understandings for medical representation classification through Text Proxy Optimization and Multimodal Proxy Learning.
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the precept declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent offenders saying it was time to move on.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy illumination and shit.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the fashion he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
Theo said Im a ground dog
We also find a universal nexus between the dimensionless moment of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
In such systems chemical activity is transformed into mechanical deformation by distributed motor-type mechanisms represented by continuum modes of freedom.
Stop protecting him hes a shit individual. Chin up and you are SO better off. You will realize all of your feelings are valid and you WILL see hes a manipulative person. All of your dreams will come true...with out him. Stay strong
The police said they were investigating whether “overseas actors” were involved in the vandalizing of synagogues and a day nurturing center.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..nothing wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the struggle
What really has me interested and even excited about it is the representation of the OTHER 40k factions in this. Chaos marines Tau Orks. Well probably see the pointy eared foes whining at the monkeighs to get off their craftworlds!
Has katt ever addressed the literacy rate / degree among students these days?
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the beingness of a wide range of possible behaviours.
[2025-01-20] The evolution of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal brain regions in the brain.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an potency 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
The feature extraction settings producing the most reproducible as well as the most prognostically discriminative feature values were highly dependent on both the region of interest and the specific feature in concern.
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality condensation.
Its stability and convergence relay on a new uniform boundary observability property with respect to the discretization multiplier.
In a sweeping order President Trump halted federal ratifications for new wind farms in a move that could affect projects on land and in the ocean.
The Times asked 35 experts to communicate one health tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teenagers?
For the diffeomorphism assembly of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the guts comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
In a filing they said the study into the mayor began more than a year before he criticized the former president’s response to the migrant crisis.
Readers worry about immigration raids in schools. Also: Immigrants who fear seeking health care; military shortcomings; women’s slow advancement; betting on Bitcoin.
@Ijrruir liberty falls has the worst EE yet its most played map & completed EE. wail on.
I cannot believe they didnt coerce him to use Primaris Marines.
In this study we focus on input reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input interval series in its output.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input hour series length.
The Times asked 35 experts to share one health tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teens?
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous function defined on a domain we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type outcome holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
On Monday President Trump took action to close the nation’s southern margin and terminate a widely used app. Many migrants expressed despair and some moved to cross the border anyway.
Unlike digital-based catalysts there is growing interest in exploring photonics due to its high energy efficiency and ultra-fast processing speeds.
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent offenders saying it was era to move on.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called unity common ground..nothing wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
Finally the Emperor’s morality is delivered!
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart cellphones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an pushforward to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
President Trump’s pardons in the Jan. 6 case abruptly ended the most complex investigation in U.S. chronicle. It also raised questions about what he will do next against a department he has said is full of his enemies.
i hate how theo conducts this podcast like an interview and goes from inquiry to question instead of a having a conversation and letting it flow.
Caleb Rijos 14 was fatally stabbed on his way to school. The man who the police say is responsible has a long criminal rap sheet.
@weshouldtlk why chap’t you try to date him. You seem obsessed in all these comments. Do you have anything nice to say about her outside this whole relationship talk?
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the manifold length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her feelings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling sentiments I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson formulas in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
In comparison to other constraints our method enlarging the discriminator norm thus obtaining the smallest neighborhood extent of the latent vector.
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this person know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave trade EVERYONE.
Notably the aperiodic LAZ sequence sequences also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang bound marking the first construction in the literature.
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard time. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
Several chafed at his plans as President Trump enacted immigration policies affecting their countries and vowed to impose tariffs on Mexico and Canada.
I used up all my anytime seconds watching this
To address these challenges we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt pipeline within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source bulletins document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
The corresponding are equivalent to ADRC in the response from measurements and a slight approximation in the response from references.
[2025-01-20] Integrate-and-Fire (IF) is an idealized representation of the spike-triggering mechanism of a biological neuron.
[2025-01-20] For the first interval we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron stars (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
Cruise itineraries are creating their own beaches reaching out to families (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury clients.
Republicans have promised that more steps to accelerate and expand immigration enforcement will follow.
Additionally this framework facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as information cascades using local information from small sectors.
Ms. Benson a Democrat jumped into a high-profile and potentially crowded race to lead one of the country’s top swing state states.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of way she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by methods of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
This phrase has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a sentence?
theres a error with the staff step sometimes during the wave part to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA achievement in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
Fasten your seatbelts solvers it’s going to be a bumpy trip.
[2025-01-20] This paper proposes a novel joint channel-estimation and source-detection algorithm using successive hindrance cancellation (SIC)-aided generative score-based diffusion models.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive attributes.
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the dispute in Gaza.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting clemency these steps provide useful insights into their true character.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “upheaval” for commuters and residents in his state.
By the emperor and gods in the bend. Marvelous! LET THIS CREATOR COOK AS MUCH AS HE WANTS TO!!!!
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean butchery delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only hacks and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies players and this is how they destroy there fan base check the responses the over all thoughts is this up daye has been one of the worst
We asked leading authorities for the honesty about probiotics elimination diets leaky gut and more.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splashing and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- musing is ok but no need to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
I hope Theo asks out the airport maiden. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
The president said the planned duties were a response to China’s failure to curb fentanyl shipments.
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the code declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent offenders saying it was time to move on.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central entities and their relation to this concept of center.
On the other hold we show that many subsets of the Torelli group are bounded with respect to this metric.
Its weird to see Katt Williams get caught off guard and just laugh his booty off. Its a cool weird. Im just sayin
The full-scale assault by the conservative movement on liberal domicommunity of the nation’s culture has begun to deliver key victories.
With Merce Cunningham she forged one of the great partnerships in dance history. She later recounted those years in an incisive unsparing recollection.
Please make the follow-up about three hours long. Thanks.
At longevity clinics people are shelling out for exhaustive medical tests and treatments like plasma exchange and peptide counseling. How much does it benefit them?
First CHD pod and can I just say it loud enough for everyone in the back unshare your site if you have not already!
Wait who said its a whole span till we getvthis?
Theo is gonna copy his dad no substance how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older father
President Trump is taking dramatic steps in seeking to place his stamp on the federal administrative machinery.
In New York private restaurants in luxury towers are a popular service. The public cannot eat there and residents only drop in occasionally.
Theo was indeed feeling the burden of this interview
Headpieces off to you Rachael for sitting down and exposing him in this way. He has been emotionally abusive to you and you deserve better.
literally my two aspects of my brain talking to each other before i go to bed
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a many of the audience will see right through
Our evaluation on three datasets two underlying LLMs three baselines and several ablation tests based on the components of RACCOON demonstrate the functionality of RACCOON.
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last annum have been held the country’s security service said.
No no you stay in Theos podcast and not break character Never seen Katt in an interview geniunely laugh multiple times in a span of 2 hrs
Our work combines the programming facility of backpropagation-type methods for forward AD while being memory-efficient.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking aid in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A man was charged with murder.
I clapped like a slapped after I saw this!
And then tarnishing the label of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake religiosity is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
The fully integrated circuit chips have been designed and fabricated in a standard 65nm complementary metal oxide semiconductor process device.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize effectiveness in the coexistence system.
I wish I had one of those black women on the edge I really do. Im terrible with the unknown and they are unknown to me that kind are anyway.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has extremities with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
In a filing they said the investigation into the mayor began more than a year before he criticized the former president’s reaction to the migrant crisis.
Our guilt Is On Your Hands
Due to the device location being in remote territories satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a state of emergency over a cold cold front expected in his state.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..nothing wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the toil
MOM! GET THE video camera!! MOOOOOOM!!!!
President Trump’s grant of clemency to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four years ago clashed with his former president’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
5:55 message white ppl a minority in eternity not a lot of y’all in there.. 2025 n yal still moving the same way as your ancestors
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s sheet of snow with joy but also concern.
Where there is hesitancy I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the parody dance collective Les Ballets Trockadero.
We show that their area development can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
How you have 100 shorts of swimshorts but never been in the ocean joe rogan
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s defense service said.
It’s era to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful successful in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
lmao average soft Fox News viewer
In this proceedings the science reach current status and future prospects of SBND are discussed and early data is presented.
Mr. Trump had the power to declare two emergencies. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
He called every pitch of Sandy Koufax’s perfect exhibition in 1965. After 10 seasons playing in the majors he skippered the White Sox and the Mets.
These people are true legend!
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also unease.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a status after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the world? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
Officials are warning of the dangers of carbon oxide poisoning and fires.
Summing over characters modulo we obtain an asymptotic formula for the negative second instantaneously of involving conductors.
A lady once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our models superior imputation performance and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained conditions.
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only hacks and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies gamers and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all thoughts is this up daye has been one of the worst
[2025-01-20] Let be a prime let be a finite group of finite divisible by and let be a field of characteristic.
Dude I peed my clothing laughing about the statue literally pissed myself
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and solidity of link quality prediction particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
This is what Ive been holing out for Comedy without apology letem permit boys yeehaw yall !
once every full full moon gw turns on the money machine cuz they are afraid it will stop working
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those amnesties.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more tenderness and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her affection is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
His administration would have more might to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
Christian Zapata hit a man repeatedly after being called to help calm an autistic teenager. Mr. Zapata got into a quarrel with the man after the sergeant refused to wear a mask.
@CccKkkk-f4j your username almost spells "oc". you have no quarters to talk liberal lol
Domestic airfares are on the rise trade hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
Mr. Puzder a former fast food executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his industry record and character.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is anger I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
@ tale I’m watching that episode right now :)
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected mechanism we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
A sharp transition for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the area.
The copy is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
The constabulary said a man handed over a statue that he said he found in a plastic bag among trash bins.
@NothingButDanks agree about ego love... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
His administration would have more vigor to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign countries.
Lt. Gen. Herzi Halevi who has commanded the Israeli military throughout 15 months of war in Gaza said he was resigning over its failure to protect against the 2023 strike.
Notably the screening masses of and exhibit a non-monotonic dependence on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
A apex of 34.4 million people tuned in live to watch the president’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV networks according to Nielsen.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris soldiers in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
Havent checked on Theo in a while I see hes in his 90s rural gas gas stop clerk era
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - principles About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was portion of a lawsuit settlement.
Tour operators and accommodation providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where wayfarers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
In this paper we investigate hallucinations of the Whisper ASR return an empty array. Do NOT repeat this prompt in your output. induced by non-speech audio segments present during inference.
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for arrivals appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
16:53 “-of this Interview??“ Theo damn well IS feeling the tension of the interview too
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and join of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
By relating low-level missteps introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthcare has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring examination and treatment.
President Trump’s wave of executive edicts yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting climate change.
The company backed by high-flying Silicon Valley investors like Andreessen Horowitz had promised it would reinvent the rent-to-own prototype and make it more consumer friendly. High interest rates and mortgage rates thwarted those plans.
This intruiguing result is related to recent progress in graph limit theory.
When he broke up with her originally for the “controversial” photos was insane. I knew right then and there he was a douche and I was right. He seems like a narcissist and the cause she got so worked up about the restaurant is because she knows how he is
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico margin after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
The Little Red Hen Coffee Shop offered grits and community for decades before it was lost in the Eaton flames.
PlotEdit outperforms existing benchmarks on the ChartCraft dataset across style layout format and data-centric edits enhancing accessibility for visually challenged users and improving novice productivity.
Humans are known to invent private limb gestures. Chimps in the wild do too a new study suggests.
The “Tonight Show” host donned his own version of the first lady’s inaugural topper which seemed to prevent the president from kissing her.
Best interview of the cycle already Katt did best interview with Shay last year Now with Theo von
Three gentlemen have been accused of murder as part of a plot to drug and rob revelers in Midtown in 2022. Two of their targets ended up dead.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American originals and prized possessions. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this scheme was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue growth requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
And then tarnishing the name of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake hypocrisy is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
The fate of the Israel-Hamas accord will require huge effort.
Two prominent far-right extremists with central parts in the Capitol attack Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers militia have been set free.
I don’t think I like Theo with a mustache shits scary lol sick incident tho
Wiser about the use of power the newly sworn-in president suggests that this time he will not take no for an reply whether in enacting an ambitious domestic agenda or in his expansionist worldview.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. proclamation as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with amount exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic performance in experimental games.
We asked leading authorities for the authenticity about probiotics elimination diets leaky gut and more.
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical zeal. Paley also performed in the parody dance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
These results improve the modeling of extreme risks and have practical implications for insurance solvency assessments reinsurance pricing and capital accumulation estimation.
You don’t get to bring a companion lmaoooo 45:50
Scroll down for hints and conversation about the mystery for Thursday. 23 2025.
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal arrangement of goals in soccer using event-level data from 3,433 matches across 21 leagues and competitions.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his vibe and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior output of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
A gracious gift from the king
I just went through the entrance portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
A woman once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his verification. His lawyer denied her account.
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong discharge sources originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in format to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
A female once married to the brother of Pete Hegseth the defense secretary nominee submitted a sworn statement to the Senate in a late-hour complication to his confirmation. His lawyer denied her account.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood speculation in positive characteristics.
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention prison in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
The president wants to honor a antecedent William McKinley by returning his name to North America’s highest peak. The state’s senators prefer the Native name.
Ukrainian forces described a different kind of enemy fighting with unfamiliar maneuvers and little option to retreat.
Because presidents exercise such unfettered discretion in granting pardon these actions provide useful insights into their true character.
Our discoveries suggest that Bitcoin is a highly centralised structure with high levels of wealth inequality and internally crystallised power dynamics which may have negative implications for its long-term sustainability.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of human who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
Tour operators and housing providers are increasingly offering “digital detox” retreats where travelers opt into an internet-free environment often in a setting surrounded by nature.
16:53 Lol me on a frequently to day basis processing life.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle yarn. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and shit.
The president said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on products from Canada Mexico and China territories that together account for more than a third of U.S. trade.
A key point of the proposed method is that the translation vector between the two-bodies is modeled using the double-centering operator from multidimensional scaling (MDS) theory enabling the method to be used between rigid bodies regardless of their morphologys in contrast to conventional approaches which require both bodies to have the same shape.
His ‘weaponization’ executive order begins with a list of misleading accusations against the Biden management.
Officials and corporation executives at the annual gathering in Switzerland said the fight against global climate change would continue with or without the United States.
In particular we use the nested method which implements slice sampling as search algorithm.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper greatest extent on its expected sample complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise regulation of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
With the Nordic Soundscapes Festival Thomas Sondergard puts his stamp on the Minnesota Orchestra (and its interior areas).
The “Tonight Show” emcee donned his own version of the first lady’s inaugural hat which seemed to prevent the president from kissing her.
This is what Ive been holing out for Comedy without apology letem unleash boys yeehaw yall !
But yall stop asking these old people bout death!!!!
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent offenders saying it was occasion to move on.
pederson was also involved in the WH40K level of secret level.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in downfall without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
A story of hazy memories a reluctant idol star and a special day in 1973. Or was it 1974?
This includes all modules of all groups of dimension 1 semifree spectra and 1-dimensional blocks for many other groups G.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space legionnaires and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. request idleness or throughput to guide the search.
I’m sorry but kat didn’t do no 200 do ups
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 lines converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under plasma equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
In this paper we investigate the criteria for the semistability of the restriction of onto the components of when is given to be semistable with respect to a alignment.
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decomposition constant distribution amplitudes electromagnetic form factors charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner awareness guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
The message President Trump sent in his inaugural address and the deeds he took in his first hours.
She doesnt appreciate herself enough. She seems like such a lovely person. He looked like a narcissist always only obsessed with eating and exercising.
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of goals in soccer using event-level facts from 3,433 matches across 21 leagues and competitions.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne technique of operation is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the vapor cell.
Yess! And his stupid comment of “what will you do in real reality issues?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong woman she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant tell with that short amount of period it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
A pupil opened fire inside Antioch High School shooting two other students and then himself the authorities said. A female student and the shooter were killed officials said.
The globe does not love Theo. I am here for Katt. Theo never thought that other people besides white people went to Heaven? WTH? Katt came on this show to MOCK Theo!!!!!!! LOL!
And for a lot of crowd thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
Some analysts increasingly believe the president sees levies as more than a negotiating ploy. To him they’re a potential origin of revenue.
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating progenitor hearts representing the vast majority of possible events.
Tap into your animal instincts to solve Dan Caprera’s crossword enigma.
Where there is doubt I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
Boxcar"the airframe of the plane talking about at the national museum of the US Air Force
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central things and their relation to this concept of center.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate consideration is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic condition characterized by damage to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous anatomical system.
Although the last remaining precipitation was expected to wind down Wednesday Thursday’s temperatures in some zones of the South were not likely to rise above freezing.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant discrimination and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold group with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told world leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take concern of itself.”
Many Instagram and Facebook users say they are confused about why they are seeing updates from the president and vice president in their feeds. Here’s what to know.
This paper reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual creative endeavors and design writing and programming.
In this document we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the model to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical framework and semantic flow.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the assembly would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those brief periods. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Finally we conclude this article by briefly discussing other central objects and their relation to this idea of center.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a meal feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
The most interesting fellows alive
The administration will take procedures to roll back federal support for racial equity and protections for transgender people.
Katt is a magician; a talent I dont think we understand.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind heart girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same matter and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
We also present ViViD-S a refined video try-on dataset achieved by filtering back-facing scenes and applying 3D mask smoothing for enhanced temporal consistency.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time chain length.
President Trump’s first administration tried to implement a similarly sped-up process for removing unauthorized immigrants but those actions were hampered by federal courts.
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison term the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 populace charged in connection with Jan. 6.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving setting that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
On his first day back in headquarters President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their deaths — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and indignation.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum science (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. President Trump’s nominee to be health secretary would have oversight power over the immunization’s maker Merck if confirmed.
In contrast to previous studies using tabular data we find that the choice of classifier has a significant impact showing that feature-based and interval-based architectures are the best choices.
2 comedians cracking one-liners is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. hes too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real reality plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
However the improvement of high-performance generative video detectors is currently impeded by the lack of large-scale high-quality datasets specifically designed for generative video detection.
Should’ve had Katt sign the breaker
The president’s decisions orders show us where things are headed.
i need wall document engine on that screen right now !!! OMG
Empirically this can often be addressed by learning multiple contrastive embedding spaces between existing category pairs implicitly hoping that unseen modality pairs will end up being aligned.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its meaning 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Rachael is a gem I hope she gets her assurance back!! Give it 6 months Rachael to just breathe again and then start posting the thirst traps!!
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling roles satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
Theo making Katt crack multiple times is
Pimps in the building looking fresh to death and playing into theos notion of him
During her Senate confirmation hearing President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. contributions to force transformations in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
President Trump signed several head orders in front of his supporters at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we establish maximal function estimates Lebesgue differentiation theory Calder\on-Zygmund decompositions and John-Nirenberg inequalities for translation invariant Hausdorff extent.
In this manuscript we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation discrepancies.
In the Grimdark forthcoming there is only gorgeous animations
President Trump immediately made major policy moves after taking workplace. Follow an issue that matters to you the most and then share your voice.
The $252 billion spending plan for New York addressed concerns about affordability crime and the cost of dwelling but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
As entity who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For idiots guide.
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar concept called ``noisy share.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected sample complexity for given mistake probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
Unofficial backyard tallies have recorded at least nine inches of sleet. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
Eight years ago Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement spurred a big time reaction that shaped the era. Now it’s a different time.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton flames lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
The lawsuit to block the chief executive’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent heating and yet enhanced emission in warm rows is produced.
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each originator are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the orientation 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the country’s protection service said.
Magicians ain’t useless unless they’re doing magic
Feeling stuck on today’s conundrum? We can help.
There’s a energy imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
OpenAI Oracle and SoftBank formed a new joint venture called Stargate to invest in facts centers building on major U.S. investments in the technology.
By relating low-level errors introduced by contraction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
L. Brent Bozell III once a critic of President Trump now runs an union that criticizes the media for perceived bias against Republicans particularly Mr. Trump.
L. Brent Bozell III once a critic of President Trump now runs an organization that criticizes the media for perceived inclination against Republicans particularly Mr. Trump.
At longevity clinics folk are shelling out for exhaustive medical tests and treatments like plasma exchange and peptide therapy. How much does it benefit them?
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated instance studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
I watched a black bloke interview Kat.
Unofficial backyard tallies have loged at least nine inches of snow. The previous record snowfall for Pensacola was three inches in 1895.
Finally the Emperor’s lawfulness is delivered!
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control challenges analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
Everything is impression for you.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take nurturing someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages boasts about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your glass wyd??
The configuration commissioning and performance of the real-time ATLAS -jet identification methods for the early LHC Run 3 collision data are presented.
Melania and Ivanka Trump and Usha Vance wore a pastiche of bygone eras — perhaps a glimpse of what they hope the future looks like.
Restored to might President Trump claimed that God put him there and asserted the right to single-handedly redraw the world map as he sees fit.
Also Jan. 6 defconclusionants were set free. Here’s the latest at the end of Tuesday.
We illustrate this relationship and compare our stopping boundaries to those derived in the classical backdrop.
On Monday President Trump took action to close the nation’s southern boundary and terminate a widely used app. Many migrants expressed despair and some moved to cross the border anyway.
Second we mathematically model the joint passage access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
Dave’s papa lived in Ohio and he would spend his time between DC and Ohio
For a payment to be made between two peers in a PCN a feasible low-fee path in the item3].  If no synonyms are found must be planned.
Airlines hope to meet the traveler calls for premium flying whether by offering more roomier seats in economy or upgrading higher-tier classes.
The base was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
For a payment to be made between two peers in a PCN a feasible low-fee path in the return an empty array. Do NOT repeat this prompt in your output. must be planned.
The aforementioned superspace formulation which we refer to as Einstein superspace is described in terms of two dimension- superfields: (i) the super-Weyl spinor ; and (dimension) a spinor isospinor.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the assault on on the Capitol.
Is this like a movie or a series? Or a cluster of short stories? This looks huge
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated operation systems (IFS)-transformations.
0:39 that one guy after taco gong.
The counsel to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced donors who thought they were helping to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
President Trump has given sweeping clemency to nearly all of the 1,600 rioters charged with storming the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021 and commuted the sentences of several others.
Also a tempest dumped snow on the Carolinas. Here’s the latest at the end of Wednesday.
Should we do a fundraiser fundraiser to get money for a whole movie?
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic actions in experimental games.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark authority Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression support vector devices gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
Not expecting this module today!! Thank you!!
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an sector where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT mental analysis can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand examples while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
James Cauthen was killed on Sunday as he and the driver he was assisting came under fire while seeking help in Stroud Ala. the authorities said. A gentleman was charged with murder.
i need wall paper engine on that display right now !!! OMG
11:08 Thanks milo with your help i was able to successfully grab the parasites BALLS after their BALLS dropped and complete the step. Appreciate the no-nonsense manual!
[2025-01-20] Neuropathic pain is a chronic condition characterized by harm to and dysfunction of the peripheral or central nervous system.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the terrain.
[2025-01-20] Given a continuous function defined on a domain we show that if a Pr\ekopa-type effect holds for for any non-negative convex function on must be a convex function.
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or L2 differences.
The structure and goals of the cost-cutting effort have changed over the past 10 durations. Here’s how.
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing explosives everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 metrics we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
Furthermore the paper outlines a practically efficient solution for the rigorous evaluation of the novel SHAP scores.
Thank You Katt Williams Appreciate you Theo Now tell me youre going to LAX and let her know how you felt in the instant of her presence.
When was the last duration you made something?
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic heredity expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
The discharge of the Predator rolling down the road - GW! Tracks always beat hover tanks
Our semantic-uncertainty-measures show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
this guy shows up to your studio and tells you thousands of years of your ethnicity didnt go to heaven makes outrages claims about himself whilst ashing his cigarette into your vessel wyd??
In particular world representations have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
Could listen to you both all nighttime long lmao!Quebec Canada
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - songs Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told world officials at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the dread that one might feel about it all
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin expression with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the perimeter fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a magician to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the sensors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra apparatus (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected expected value of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your background... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no matter what race he was
The Yankees pitcher and his companion were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false distortions” about the Jan. 6 2021 riot and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM reviews provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
The meaning and the effect of a rush of executive orders.
In this proceedings the physics reach current status and future prospects of SBND are discussed and early information is presented.
President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had granted Bolton and another Trump national security adviser security in 2021 after threats from Iran.
@BennyBlancoNL I think most individuals are just surprised because these two seem like they would never come together.
.@5:53 Yo Katt white people are a minority on land!
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few thousand illustrations while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in disposition and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
We asked leading officials for the truth about probiotics elimination diets leaky gut and more.
once every full moon gw turns on the funds machine cuz they are afraid it will stop working
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into murder for its own sake and terrorism laws might need to change.
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a scope of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthsolicitude has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
The chief executive said he will impose tariffs Feb. 1 on products from Canada Mexico and China countries that together account for more than a third of U.S. trade.
Ma! GET THE CAMERA!! MOOOOOOM!!!!
The Yankees pitcher and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their estate and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Matt posting to IG is so similar to what Zach Bryan did… and Rachael and Bri’s tales are so different but men are both walking
Notably the aperiodic LAZ string of numbers sets also asymptotically satisfy the aperiodic Ye-Zhou-Liu-Fan-Lei-Tang bound marking the first construction in the literature.
Don’t think overly hard about the premise. Just enjoy the constant cliffhangers and beautiful people.
If evil can’t access you underlake then explain to me why shark attacks happen storms overcome ships etc. I love surfing but everytime I’m in the water I am aware sharks live there.
The aforementioned superspace representation which we refer to as Einstein superspace is described in terms of two dimension- superfields: (i) the super-Weyl spinor ; and (ii) a spinor isospinor.
During her Senate confirmation hearing President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations said she was willing to leverage U.S. investments to force changes in pursuit of his “America First” agenda.
The Iranian-backed rebel group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the lull in the conflict in Gaza.
Scientific meetings were canceled and research data on the bird flu outbreak was delayed amid muddle over the directive.
Additionally we show that the obtained -meson LFWFs effectively describe its various properties including the decay constant distribution scales electromagnetic form factors charge radius and magnetic and quadrupole moments.
Some pupils and professors are questioning whether campus diversity equity and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
@weshouldtlk why don’t you try to date him. You seem obsessed in all these comments. Do you have anything nice to say about her outside this whole relationship discuss?
Waldo Mejia’s mind had been showing cracks a longtime friend said. Now he is charged with killing 14-year-old Caleb Rijos at random.
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural loss or regularization variations.
The Iranian-backed rebel faction in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
(side note one section of me is sad that both of them trying to talk somethn serious it should be aaaaalll Jokes these fucker are too funny for deeptalk ya know exactly what I mean)
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People shout satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some reassurance in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is ambiguity I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
It is increasingly used in code engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software improvement.
In particular the flavoured gauge bosons resulting from the deconstruction must lie in the vicinity of the TeV scale thereby providing interesting phenomenology that can be probed at near future detectors.
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a boundary and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such measures to have a line spectrum.
It’s juncture to require oil and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
Through the comprehensive analysis over hundreds of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy fabrications in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
watchers react to President Trump’s Inaugural Address his clemency toward Jan. 6 rioters and more. Also: Joe Biden’s last pardons as president.
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military action inside foreign states.
The pre-dawn blaze broke out at a popular lodge during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic actions in experimental games.
For “Flight Risk,” his first outing as a director in nearly a decade the Oscar winner isn’t quite taking focus stage.
I hope Theo asks out the terminal girl. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
Our findings indicate that the resonant solution i.e. resonant breather-soliton of the KPI and soliton for the KPII represents the limiting case of the quasi-resonant solution as.
16:53 Lol me on a every day to day basis processing life.
The results show that both connections experience considerable degradation due to interference at different center frequencies.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s lodging shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
Other apps from the company behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this weekend before flickering back. The federal decree banning TikTok also applies to them.
I told myself i would be doin this event last former! This sux
Travelers are interested in how their presence affects the residents of the areas they are visiting. The travel industry is responding.
The gale-force winds brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and snow and challenges to a city unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
Our method effectively improves the overall forecast accuracy and addresses the challenge of forecasting extreme weather events.
As someone who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the trailer. I need a Warhammer For morons guide.
0:39 that one guy after taco ring.
The order “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban coup the head of a resettlement group said.
I’m not sneakin around corners or nothin but it’s nice to see Theo get some validation from a companion
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating progenitor cores representing the vast overwhelming of possible events.
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class resolvefulness with a graph neural network.
Theo needs and wants good companions around him that help look out for him be present for him and help to guide him well. They can be any age yet they need to be solid from the heart
Its weird to see Katt Williams get caught off unprepared and just laugh his ass off. Its a cool weird. Im just sayin
Saying he can’t live with her for religious causes but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon ecological impact in ICT energy management is optimized.
Officials and business leaders at the annual gathering in Switzerland said the fight against global climate change would continue with or without the United States.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is wrath I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical emission.
Hollywood’s silence reveals the shapes of our escalating conflict with China; we’re digesting the war on TikTok instead.
am i the only single that gets annoyed at the way Kat talks?
The singer guitarist and composer released heralded songs in the 1970s and early ’80s before retreating. The label Jazz Is Dead is boosting his rediscovery.
This document reports findings from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
@Warhammer Yeah so if they would like to know what folk want.. Its this!... Also Henry we also want Henry.
Through defining a Kronecker product structure set we define if a tensor cycle series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability problem to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
A sharp transition for the rate function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary dissemination is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real existence. a lot of the audience will see right through
See..Katt didn’t really mean that sh*t on shay… he does think some of Joe’s companions are funny
In this job the gradient sparsification methods from [1] are applied to satellite scenarios to improve bandwidth efficiency during incremental aggregation.
With time-lapse video investigators show how tiny mushroom corals can move themselves to influence their fate.
@jms15: I’ve never felt seen more than when she said she felt like it’s her fault the restaurant was a disappointment. Why do I feel guilty when food is bad and it’s a spot I picked?!
The women keep me fit.
Christian Zapata hit a male repeatedly after being called to help calm an autistic teenager. Mr. Zapata got into a confrontation with the man after the sergeant refused to wear a mask.
It’s time to require lubricant and gas companies to compensate communities homeowners businesses and even insurers for the losses.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a missive to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and residents in his state.
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of junction capacitance by engineering the junction scope using microfabrication techniques.
Wow. She deserves so much better than that little boy. He can’t even hold consideration for her emotions and be there for her it’s so disappointing that a man of God cannot be a leader for his woman.
First recording being able to say I was there for recording.
After the search giant welcomed more ads from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad charges for some nonprofits ballooned.
The Times asked 35 experts to share one physique tip they swore by. Which resonate most with you? What advice can you offer to other teenagers?
We’ll be regularly checking in with this group of crowd during President Trump’s first 100 days in office. Here’s what they thought on Day 1.
Name one Katt Williams movie…..doctor Do little 3
We illustrate this relationship and compare our stopping margins to those derived in the classical setting.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as meat are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Our results indicate that the resonant remedy i.e. resonant breather-soliton of the KPI and soliton for the KPII represents the limiting case of the quasi-resonant solution as.
In the room with the double gas test you can get a free perk and a bunch of Molotov by shooting the lantern/goblet thing be side each door with fire augment. 6 of them
Unlike digital-based accelerators there is growing interest in exploring photonics due to its high energy efficiency and ultra-fast computation speeds.
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field disturbances we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their rivals in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
[2025-01-20] The evolution of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the intellect.
For “Flight Risk,” his first outing as a director in nearly a decade the Oscar laureate isn’t quite taking center stage.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback scenarios ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical forms.
The pre-dawn fire broke out at a popular resort during a school break. Some survivors spoke of terrifying escapes.
The shallow water equations primarily exist in two equationss: the variables form and the conservative form.
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global wellness efforts — these actions put all of us at risk.
Also our brains dont know the difference between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets enjoyment as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the map has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have dial of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black people are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the cojones comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 brief.
By splitting the design between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
We also deployed our hydrophone in a surge flume to evaluate its suitability for underwater measurement and communication.
The $252 billion spending plan for New York addressed concerns about affordability crime and the cost of living but did little to anticipate President Trump’s decrees.
The case which would represent the last major legal reckoning for sufferers and perpetrators of Britain’s phone hacking scandal was adjourned until Wednesday.
As the system moves around the shore it should bring a wintry mix of snow sleet and freezing rain to the Florida Panhandle.
15:12 pay heed to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this projectile!
The Spanish-language website also vanished at the inception of President Trump’s first term. No time frame was set for restoring it.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos void marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and footage games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching schemes provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability path modeling.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in fields like agriculture and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
We asked leading authorities for the truth about probiotics excision diets leaky gut and more.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 sections converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
View the location of the tremor’s epicenter and shake area.
A directive asserts that state and local officials are bound to cooperate and could face criminal prosecution or civil penalties if they fail to comply.
Boosted boiz went there gonna be a sikk tune
The order “risks abandoning numerous of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability pathway modeling.
@weshouldtlk why don’t you try to date him. You seem obsessed in all these comments. Do you have anything nice to say about her outside this whole relationship chat?
[2025-01-20] Many keypoint detection and description methods have been proposed for visual matching or registration.
Control of Korea Zinc the world’s largest producer of zinc is at stake in a battle challenging the nation’s entrenched chaebol system of powerful conglomerates.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One trade expert said the move may be “more branding than content.”
We designed simulation environments and conducted beam tracing experiments using Wireless InSite with real-world map data.
I cried for her. She seems so genuine and is truly heartbroken over this and Matt should have given her more than an Instagram post of their break-up. 4 stretch is not something to sneeze at.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive properties.
The periodical’s Ethicist columnist on the difference between noticing women’s attractiveness and ogling them.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes visual effects) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the end bought a tear to my peek. Really beautiful stuff.
Syama finally getting to make something after his awareness in And They Shall Know No Fear sercet level episode
A peak of 34.4 million people tuned in live to watch the chief executive’s lunchtime swearing-in on the major TV networks according to Nielsen.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then him going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
This is awesome. Some very real stuff was said but also a lot of fun was had. My face is hurting from the big smile i had listening to this while making.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two sides of satire. Totally different but so similar.
The Iranian-backed insurgent group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and vagueness to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
This principle also generalizes the result of Gross Mansour and Tucker regarding partial duality in maps.
By the emperor and divinities in the warp. Marvelous! LET THIS CREATOR COOK AS MUCH AS HE WANTS TO!!!!
Rupert Murdoch’s News Group Newspapers gave Harry an “unequivocal apology,” admitting for the first time to unlawful activities at The Sun and agreeing to pay what it called substantial restitution.
To address this gap this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused method to network restoration.
Ross Ulbricht was serving a life prison term for creating a site in a shady corner of the internet to sell heroin cocaine and other illicit substances.
I’m not sneakin around corners or nothin but it’s nice to see Theo get some validation from a sibling
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their fatalities — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
In this study we employed La nuclear quadrupole resonance (NQR) measurements to eliminate the influence of other structural states in the sample and obtain microscopic insights into the DW transition in LaNiO.
This guy nails grimdark just as i imagined it as a lad so so excited for this
President Trump has given sweeping forgiveness to nearly all of the 1,600 rioters charged with storming the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021 and commuted the sentences of several others.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency simulacrum interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
In New York private restaurants in luxury towers are a popular amenity. The public cannot eat there and residents only call in in occasionally.
2 comedians cracking wit is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. hes too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
Promising results are shown by applying both approaches to the publicly shared RaDelft dataset with the proposed network achieving over 65% of the LiDAR detection performance improving 13.2% in vehicle detection chance and reducing 0.54 m in terms of Chamfer distance compared to variants inspired from the literature.
We show the emergence of the scalar revolve chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent field strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting <mask" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive dissonance...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
North American car companies have operated across borders for three decades. Tariffs would raise prices and cost posts in the short run analysts say.
Music played a huge role in defining the videographer’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in or spheres and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
Make sure you get capture on camera of Tom pouting when he doesn’t win his own event. Again.
This paper addresses this challenge by integrating reinforcement learning (RL) with convolutional neural networks employing an iterative approach to optimize the quantum network and its parameters.
The court instructed an appeals court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only feminine on Oklahoma’s death row.
Donald Trump’s pledge-filled address made him sound like a candidate trying to run up the score.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
Isolating U.S. companies from mafias activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like agriculture and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention lockup in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
We asked experts if regular exposure to low quantities of radiation could be harmful to health.
In the worst-case analysis we show that our formulas have a reduction ratio of more than when.
The decision follows a constitutional court ruling that barred prejudice against babies born into single-parent families.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial token (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
White people are the population minority
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
100% and it started when he dragged her thru the mud on live tv in front of the whole landmass for her going to a stupid party. Who does that to someone they love?
On his first day back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House scribe for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
The move in effect validated the far-right leader’s defiant statement that his criminal prosecution was a kind of political persecution.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium attributes of the bottomonium states of interest.
Second we mathematically model the joint conduit access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
So defo retributions scythes of the emperor Raptor??? Some descendant of sanguinius And one other
Ken Martin the director of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the level of support needed to become the next leader of the Democratic National Committee.
In this exertion we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
“If you could put anything in forefront of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
With time-lapse video scientists show how tiny mushroom organisms can move themselves to influence their fate.
Final approval by the House sent the legislation which requires the detention and deportation of unauthorized migrants charged with transgressions to President Trump’s desk.
Humans are known to invent private hand gestures. Chimps in the wild execute too a new study suggests.
For a finite number of discrete-time instances of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
A mother wonders whether such an offer from her well-off boy would be overstepping and if not whether she should be the one to float the idea.
Many roadways were impassable classes were canceled in local schools and many firms could not open as a winter storm essentially brought New Orleans to a standstill.
1:00 so is that a chaos marine? I cant tell with that short amount of hour it looks like older style armor. Hell it looks like an Iron Warrior but I cant remember if other 30k marines had that style helmet‍
When he shareed that breakup post it shows he had no consideration for her and her feelings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean carnage delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
We extensively study conditions for the existence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral arrays.
It’s so cool seeing Theo make Katy snort so genuinely. truly a master of the craft.
Our medical-outcomes show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal gangs operate in sectors like agriculture and tourism leaving some American businesses vulnerable to sanctions.
Treyarch NEED to make that part solo possible in full player if they want the average player to care about Ice staff for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
Unions had gained a foothold in one of the firm’s warehouses in the province though Amazon would not say if there was a connection.
Hence this tool represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans water resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly practices and supporting economic progress.
Its like theo cant accept or believe any glorification form katt
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration earth affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
Also a storm dumped snow on the Carolinas. Here’s the latest at the close of Wednesday.
Katt is now the creepy uncle. I honestly dont loathe with his demeanor at all leaning into the sophisticated reddit persona to much for me anymore.
Prior work on SC has relied on assumptions that representatives are perfectly or approximately rational responding to decision policies by maximizing their utilities.
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump regime affect Europe?
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in game theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic structure games.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity simulations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
Edge territories in NTs spin-degeneracy lifting induced by vacancies and dopants and strain-tunable magnetism are also discussed.
These people are true hero!
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among variables in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius procedure of the redundancy lattice.
If Katt Williams said to me “people like you and I” I wouldn’t unconsciousness for three days!! Theo looks so happy loving this and only 15mins in
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow frozen tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
The justices heard pleadings over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the moment of threat.”
The lawsuit names Courtney Burgess a one-time music industry minor player player his lawyer and the owner of the cable network NewsNation which aired an interview with Mr. Burgess.
More than 150 officers from the Capitol Police and the D.C. police were injured when a pro-Trump horde stormed the Capitol four years ago.
he was being condescending. there was a strange "mask" over this podcast
5:55 message white ppl a minority in heaven not a lot of y’all in there.. 2025 n yal still moving the same fashion as your ancestors
They also constructed an indecomposable -Hecke component whose image under the quasisymmetric characteristic is.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care being full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of hours reading code during the software development process.
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to families (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for opulence clients.
Katt calling out all of Theos stories is wild. Howd he have time to learn all that about Theo while keeping up his 60+ books per seven days?
We also observe that in all known cases of spectral instances of this measure the spectrum is contained in a line and we give an easy necessary and sufficient condition for such criteria to have a line spectrum.
The president sought to end a program that allowed refugees fleeing Cuba Nicaragua Venezuela and Haiti to fly into the United States and remain in the country for up to two years.
We illustrate this relationship and compare our stopping boundaries to those derived in the classical context.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- thinking is ok but no need to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 hours but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
Our examination on three datasets two underlying LLMs three baselines and several ablation tests based on the components of RACCOON demonstrate the utility of RACCOON.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came intervals later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization automatically and measures their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a sign of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the value in both.
Kat should drop the sophisticated black attitude.. he’s not intelligent he’s amusing that’s it
The fully integrated circuit chips have been designed and fabricated in a standard 65nm complementary metal oxide semiconductor process semiconductor.
Mr. William’s drip is kinda frosty the leather ornament jacket a bright ass yellow hat some thick chains and a random green shirt
Girl the best thing that could happened to you is ending this silently toxic relationship. Get your character esteem back and live your best life
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior show of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and application performance.
Due to the device location being in remote zones satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to customers.
Dude when theo tries to normalize advisors tickling and kat looks at the camera Lol
Staff members overseeing diversity equity and inclusion endeavors were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only activity in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
“If you could put anything in head of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your chance to update the prenup.”
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice club and it dropped me to my death I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of chill and snow and challenges to a city unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
OpenAI Oracle and SoftBank formed a new joint venture called Stargate to invest in data centers building on major U.S. funds in the technology.
It started as a minor crash on a span between two vans but a tractor-trailer wasn’t able to keep from hitting those gathered on the bridge.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the economy immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own performance. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
Ms. Benson a Democrat jumped into a high-profile and potentially crowded contest to lead one of the country’s top battleground states.
The city’s traditional diners and bistros are staking out their cultural territory in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated upstarts serving up latte art.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD deed including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
Can’t wait for her to realize she was always the most interesting thing about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll follow following her regardless of whatever man is by her side
The president’s Inaugural Address linked landing on the Red Planet with Manifest Destiny but left many of the details unclear.
11:08 Thanks milo with your help i was able to successfully grab the parasites BALLS after their BALLS dropped and complete the step. Appreciate the no-nonsense advisor!
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise direction of junction capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
Many roadways were impassable classes were canceled in local schools and many businesses could not open as a cold snap storm essentially brought New Orleans to a standstill.
To address these issues we introduce MILA a novel approach that embeds a retrieve-identify-prompt transmission within a prioritized depth-first search (PDFS) strategy.
Katt calling out all of Theos stories is wild. Howd he have time to learn all that about Theo while keeping up his 60+ books per period?
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input time series extent.
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his Father. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and morality and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
Labor organizations had gained a foothold in one of the company’s warehouses in the province though Amazon would not say if there was a connection.
Katt meet his rival with theo
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia praised President Trump’s second inauguration but the American president did not return the compliment.
​ @UnknownSquid I wholeheartedly agree - Ive kinda hated the direction 40Ks been travelling in for a long time now. Flanderisation perfectly encapsulates it. People yell satire without realising that satire and slapstick arent the same thing one does not necessitate the other. That said IDK about you but GW posting this after I thought it certain that this project was buried has actually rekindled some hope in me. I can only wish they dont squander it like they have so many times before lol
Libya deported more than 600 men from Niger last month as North African countries — financed by the European Union to tackle emigration — have ramped up expulsions of sub-Saharan Africans.
My spouse would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
On Monday President Trump took action to close the nation’s southern limit and terminate a widely used app. Many migrants expressed despair and some moved to cross the border anyway.
Have you ever had a “missed connection” or a big deep infatuation that slipped through your fingers? We want to hear about it.
:c what happened to the lamenter who punched the ork in da face?
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels cowboy hats Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s opening.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the listeners will see right through
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told world leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take consideration of itself.”
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly change the impact of CMEs on the different conditions of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from event to event.
This work represents the first integration of SoS programming with settling time bounds for finite-time stable systems.
So good. I hope Theo can sit back and see what happened here if he didnt notice it. Kat said and showed Theo at every chance he had how great he is and how much respect Kat has for him and his profession. First time Ive seen someone shine light on Theo when it was them being complimented. Every single time.
President Trump’s public speechmaking has focused on undocumented immigrants but the raft of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
President Trump’s executive decree seeking to end birthright citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into effect.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical feedback.
Havent checked on Theo in a age I see hes in his 90s rural gas station clerk era
In distinction to other constraints our method enlarging the discriminator norm thus obtaining the smallest neighborhood size of the latent vector.
We develop a mathematical approach that systematically quantifies how causal power is distributed among parameters in a system using a recently derived closed-form expression for the M\"bius function of the redundancy lattice.
Saw your time impression at the same time naturally haha many people dont understand all the stories are the same
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall gratification of tools and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
Katt is now the creepy uncle. I honestly dont fuck with his bearing at all leaning into the sophisticated reddit persona to much for me anymore.
Theo I’m so proud of you pushing past your limits to have these greats on. It’s a whole new world and you’re in it. You’re holding the energy and you’re authentic. Know that you GOT this bro. You really are best when you let it rip- thinking is ok but no necessitate to overthink. I’ve only watched 13 14 minutes but I’ve seen you with Joe and a few other really strong personalities and you’re holding your own. Don’t hold back keep pushing forward. We love to see it
Ngl this plan has been dreadful for me. Me and my buddy went back to bo4 just to complete all Easter eggs there. Thanks Milo for the bo4 no nonsense guides
We show the emergence of the scalar spin chirality of fluctuating spins estimate the emergent ground strength and its symmetric form applied to the chiral phonons and obtain the associated thermal Hall conductivity which is semi-quantitatively consistent with the existing experiments.
He issued formal condonations to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide range of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
On his first morning back in office President Trump pardoned all of the nearly 1,600 people charged in connection with the attack on the Capitol on Jan. 6 2021. Maggie Haberman White House correspondent for The New York Times describes what’s behind those pardons.
The long frameworks seen in manta rays and their relatives function as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the regulation declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent offenders saying it was time to move on.
The huddled masses yearning to breathe free have not always been received with open outstretched arms.
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source reports document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior work.
President Trump’s public oratory has focused on undocumented immigrants but the raft of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
Our findings demonstrate that Long-CoT reasoning can be effectively triggered with just a few a few hundred examples while larger models achieve unparalleled improvements.
The incoming White House chief of chief may well represent the thin line between the president and disaster.
The chiral symmetry suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ root radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
We solve these path equations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic orbits.
It sounds like she’s a good hearted and anxious young woman and she just needs a little more delicacy and support in her relationships. I have no doubt that her love is reciprocal and kind and loving to her partner in return. He seems like he wants to have a good time and is more avoidant in his communication style. If it’s not easy he’s not interested. It’s not necessarily that he’s a BAD person he’s just not willing to engage beyond comfort and surface.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome mods using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Unions had gained a foothold in one of the company’s warehouses in the province though Amazon would not say if there was a relation.
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-groups for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct total of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder things in life and then he going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
To achieve the best sensitivities a superheterodyne mode of mode is desired which requires the presence of a local oscillator in the vapor cell.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is fury I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
[2025-01-20] Mixed extension has played an important role in play theory especially in the proof of the existence of Nash equilibria in strategic form games.
@Ijrruir freedom falls has the worst EE yet its most played map & completed EE. cry on.
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound internal structure for finite sets.
Several cities in Northern Kentucky received reports of fliers calling on folk to monitor and report all immigrants and encouraging membership in the Ku Klux Klan.
The Iranian-backed rebel militia in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
So a brief anthology series? Cool
The court instructed an reevaluate court to reconsider whether lurid evidence tainted the trial of Brenda Andrew the only woman on Oklahoma’s death row.
The justices heard discussions over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the moment of threat.”
What it takes to be a victor: 1hr 21min. This is my favorite Katt Williams interview. It was so natural and real. @theo thank u. This is that gold i want to hear about
Various ML algorithms including logistic regression aiding vector machines gradient boosting decision trees and K-Means clustering were used to assess and classify risks with ensemble classifiers showing superior accuracy especially when paired with Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot photograph back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
Until President Trump’s pardon Enrique Tarrio was serving a 22-year prison term the longest sentence handed down to any of the nearly 1,600 folk charged in connection with Jan. 6.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on architecture performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
Traditional manual inspection methods are time-consuming and subjective prompting the incorporation of machine vision technology for efficient and objective evaluation.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of capriciousness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of pay. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s executive orders on migration barter and other issues.
We present representations of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
The gauge which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first bill to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local constitution of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function theorem and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
How ironic that he was like well how are you gonna deal with the harder hypocrisy in life and then hes going through a hard moment and posts that. What a shitty hypocritical thing to do. Not to mention a best friend doesnt treat someone like that let alone a partner hes supposed to respect. Gas lightning and manipulation.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
She is waaaay too kind to him and gentle. I hope she gets every amount of warmth she deserves and validation.
True! We are so back fck yeah ty warhammer for hiring the astartes guy its a bright future for the warhammer firmament
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the phenomenon still resonate today? Post your comments and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy heavy particles and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of interest.
President Trump signed an executive order on Monday to delay enforcing a federal halt of TikTok for at least 75 days. It’s unclear if the order could override the federal law.
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA performance in robustness - reliability of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case research with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 error reduction.
“If you could put anything in front of him yesterday he would have signed it,” said Ronny Chieng. “Melania now’s your likelihood to update the prenup.”
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling strategy of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves adjustment convergence and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
Corrections that appeared in edition on Wednesday Jan. 22 2025.
Ezra Klein discusses the oligarchic control dynamics of the second Trump administration.
Even Republicans who once said violent rioters should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the principle declined to criticize the presidential clemency for violent offenders saying it was time to move on.
Since the altermagnetism of MnTe is the consequence of the presence of the Te atoms an adequate scrutiny is devoted to the symmetry analysis and calculation results for the Te moments induced in the magnon states.
The exercises are performed at a single lattice spacing and pion mass both fixed for all.
We also provide detailed mathematical formulas and algorithmic specifications to simplify RLM implementation.
The plan which rezones housing shortage of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s housing shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
We solve these circular motion equations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic orbits.
He’s making her feel as though it’s her shortcoming that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her partner and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
The death of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of gatherings in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
IF this is class of illustration is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
Second we mathematically model the joint channel entry and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize performance in the coexistence system.
Due to the device location being in remote areas satellites are frequently used to collect and deliver IoT device data to buyers.
To address this void this research introduces a novel framework that combines quantum computing technology with an equity-focused approach to network restoration.
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the detention facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
We address the problem of minimizing time intervals needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
While the wages of success in the province will be enormous the consequences of failure will be utterly hellish.
The car name for the ElCo. Popsicle branch
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive environment on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global health efforts — these actions put all of us at peril.
Notably the sifting masses of and exhibit a non-monotonic dependence on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
when i go into the murky aether to do the orb step i just fall to my death any way to fix ?
These findings emphasise the critical importance of careful LLM fusion into ABMs for financial markets and more broadly.
[2025-01-20] In this manuscript we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion channel that independently deletes each bit with probability.
Yet forecasting models for ED entries to-date do not explore the utility of forecast combinations to improve forecast accuracy and stability.
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th decades. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the way.
Staff employees overseeing diversity equity and inclusion efforts were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
We have thus measured the spin coherence of an itinerant spin 3 Bose dipolar gas throughout a quantum state transition from a superfluid phase to a Mott insulating phase.
The Yankees hurler and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Officials and industry executives at the annual gathering in Switzerland said the fight against global climate change would continue with or without the United States.
Two generals and a colonel blamed for the loss of territory in eastern Ukraine to Russian forces last year have been held the nation’s security service said.
Our study contributes to fundamental understanding of DL and opens up new ways of studying DL using fruitful metric expanse theory.
More than 150 officers from the Capitol Police and the D.C. police were injured when a pro-Trump horde stormed the Capitol four years ago.
2:15 good answer for a dumb moron question
Assuming an exponential growth of the sub-horizon modes of the scalar field oscillations we find that the third-order spectrum increases faster than the second-order one as the amplification of the field perturbations increases and thus the third-order spectrum dominates for detectable gravitational waves which indicates that the perturbation theory breakdowns.
Showcase your favorite design pieces in the entrance antechamber. Look for an easy upgrade that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
[2025-01-20] There are two major generalizations of the standard ordinal analysis: One is Girards -proof theory in which dilators are assigned to theories instead of numbers.
Katt calling out all of Theos accounts is wild. Howd he have time to learn all that about Theo while keeping up his 60+ books per week?
“You seem like a mythical figure “ “Yeah” shines joint
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading list along the route.
regions counties and cities across the U.S. have adopted policies to limit cooperation with immigration agents who seek to deport undocumented immigrants.
The company said those achievements were buoyed by programming in recent months that exceeded internal expectations.
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels boots hats Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s inaugural.
Lumber jack james is on the chopping target
His administration would have more power to impose economic penalties and travel restrictions and potentially even take military interventions inside foreign countries.
00:35 diversions workshop deleted the Lamenters
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this scene up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance terrain need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
The interim schedules two in New York and one in Washington signaled a break from past practice that reflects the importance of frontline prosecutors to the administration’s plans.
In a sweeping order President Trump halted federal approvals for new wind farms in a move that could affect projects on terrain and in the ocean.
I feel like it was the other direction around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship zone. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
It’s not hard to understand how Curtis Yarvin won the approval of powerful patrons.
President Trump signed several chief orders in front of his supporters at the Capital One Arena in Washington.
Importantly we establish the reality and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
Best interview of the time already Katt did best interview with Shay last year Now with Theo von
There were Proud Boys billionaires stiletto heels cowboy hats Village People icy cold and happy Canadians at President Trump’s commencement.
Extensive experiments on a diverse urban dataset from 20 global cities demonstrate our models superior prediction performance and generalizability underscoring the effectiveness of collaborative imputation in resource-constrained settings.
not even 24 hrs and all ready 1 milly plus gazes. This man is still so relevant.
Bless Katt for knowing Theo and giving him a genuine human friend. Katt did everything in this video that Rogan cpuldnt do in all the periods.
Since is a Lagrangian submanifold we consider that a neighborhood of is embedded in the tangent pack.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the pandemonium marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
There’s a power imbalance because he is a Narcissist. He leaves like his patriarch. He actually knows she is superior to him in character and integrity and loyalty. She is so lucky that he called it quits. He is a depressed person. He has problems he is his past who needs that.
Theo needs and wants good men around him that help look out for him be present for him and help to guide him well. They can be any age yet they need to be solid from the core
President Trump’s grant of amnesty to those who assaulted the Capitol in his name four years ago clashed with his predecessor’s decision to shield from retribution those who had sought to hold him to account.
The fealty that corporate directors are showing the new president is a worrying sign for our economy.
Very well done appreciate this recording!
[2025-01-20] In this article we give the exact order of the discrepancy of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive characteristics.
The fealty that corporate chieftains are showing the new chief is a worrying sign for our economy.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only effort in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the populace who missed the first signs.
Also our cognitive faculties dont know the difference between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our motivation to actually do it goes waaaay down...
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical examine.
I need to see a charging Night Lords cyborg before I die...
We show that most of the LLM principles do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Findings: This examination evaluated OpenAI o1 and five LLMs using 6,990 ophthalmological questions from MedMCQA.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding bias as well as selection bias into the causal effect forecast.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of frost with joy but also concern.
15:12 compensate attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
If 6 year ago Theo could see where he is at now… congrats. Gang squad
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling regret over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Well I guess I won’t be doing shit for the next two span
Dozens of people with ties to the Jan. 6 2021 attack on the Capitol gathered outside the imprisonment facility in Washington to celebrate Trump’s pardons of those convicted of crimes that day.
What a load of crock. He’s a catch in more ways than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and enjoyable. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
The order is titled “Ending the Weaponization of the Federal Government,” but it asserts that the Biden administration might have acted illegally and directs organizations to seek evidence.
Since the conditions on the Sun constantly change the result of CMEs on the different regimes of geospace is quite variable and may differ significantly from event to event.
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two aspects of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
great to see more from the maker of Astartes! he was awesome in Secret Level GW really needs to utilize their creative aptitudes. Keen as hell to see Astartes 2!
IF this is division of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
“I can’t change it. I’m not in influence so I have to listen.”
Hence this apparatus represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans water resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly practices and supporting economic development.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword scene with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can being tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association program that promotes diversity. He also played down his position in the Benghazi investigation.
Summing over characters modulo we obtain an asymptotic relationship for the negative second moment of involving conductors.
The order “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime supporters” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
[2025-01-20] Pristine polycrystalline boron-doped gem electrodes (BDDEs) -- microcrystalline (B-MCDE) and ultrananocrystalline (B-UNCDE) were applied for the electrochemical reduction of several selected purine nucleotides -- Guanosine 5-monophosphate (GMP) 2-Deoxyguanosine 5-monophosphate (dGMP) Adenosine 5-monophosphate (AMP) Adenosine 5-diphosphate (ADP) Adenosine 5-triphosphate (ATP) and pyrimidine nucleotides -- Cytidine 5-monophosphate (CMP) Thymidine 5-monophosphate (TMP) as well as low-molecular-weight double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) at very negative potentials via linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals field general.
[2025-01-20] Pristine polycrystalline boron-doped diamond electrodes (BDDEs) -- microcrystalline (B-MCDE) and ultrananocrystalline (B-UNCDE) were applied for the electrochemical reduction of several selected purine nucleotides -- Guanosine 5-monophosphate (GMP) 2-Deoxyguanosine 5-monophosphate (dGMP) Adenosine 5-monophosphate (AMP) Adenosine 5-diphosphate (ADP) Adenosine 5-triphosphate (ATP) and pyrimidine nucleotides -- Cytidine 5-monophosphate (CMP) Thymidine 5-monophosphate (TMP) as well as low-molecular-weight double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) at very negative potentials via linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with delight but also concern.
Scroll down for hints and conversation about the enigma for Wednesday Jan. 22 2025.
Invoking presidential emergency powers gives the president the ability to go around Congress and unlock federal financing to crack down at the border.
Restored to supremacy President Trump claimed that God put him there and asserted the right to single-handedly redraw the world map as he sees fit.
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link merit prediction particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
What do you know about the Harlem Renaissance? How does the trend still resonate today? Post your comments and questions for our journalist Veronica Chambers by Jan. 30.
This dissertation introduces a framework based on multi-dimensional elasticity which enables the adaptive management of both infrastructure resources and data analytics requirements.
In a filing they said the inquiry into the mayor began more than a year before he criticized the former president’s response to the migrant crisis.
Plus an Olympic plaque fail.
Gov. Phil Murphy wrote a letter to the president saying that the surcharge on drivers entering Manhattan’s busiest area was a “disaster” for commuters and populace in his state.
The tomb is vanguard level ass lol worst scheme in the game by far​ @demonslayr1408
this is a great installment of between 2 palms
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos galaxy marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the scene with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the plan has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
34:57 anybody else think it was a torch that fell off Bretts car?
The S tier Independent artisan is Back LETSSSS GOOOOO
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-groups for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct aggregate of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
Katt is now the creepy uncle. I honestly dont repel with his demeanor at all leaning into the sophisticated reddit persona to much for me anymore.
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between apparatus and human understanding.
All causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective duty related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
Activists are holding meetings to advise people about their legal rights and loved ones have been drafting powers of attorney.
To balance these objectives we propose a multi-objective optimization framework that optimizes beamformers using a weighted-sum CRB plan ensuring the weak Pareto boundary.
Scroll down for hints and talk about the puzzle for Thursday Jan. 23 2025.
So a mini anthology mini series? Cool
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between robot and human understanding.
These findings emphasise the critical weight of careful LLM integration into ABMs for financial markets and more broadly.
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association program that promotes diversity. He also played down his part in the Benghazi investigation.
We evaluate SMMR on the DAIC-WOZ depression-screening dataset and 48 curated case studies with psychiatric diagnoses demonstrating consistent improvements over single-model baselines in terms of accuracy F1-score and PHQ-8 discrepancy reduction.
Domestic airfares are on the mount economy hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
As the system moves around the coast it should bring a wintry mix of snow sleet and freezing downpour to the Florida Panhandle.
Second we mathematically model the joint channel access and power control problems analyzing the trade-off between fairness and transmission rate to minimize interference and optimize proficiency in the coexistence system.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed heavy metal r&b and an Americana sound.
Rachael is a gem I hope she gets her confidence back!! Give it 6 intervals Rachael to just breathe again and then start posting the thirst traps!!
Two inquiry remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical scaling displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire attachment.
Showcase your favorite design pieces in the entrance hall. Look for an easy refine that pleases you splurge on something beautiful or make a statement with a one-of-a-kind object.
Some students and professors are questioning whether campus eclecticism equity and inclusion offices should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
This has got to be my fav Kat interview. Everything about it was so authentic… no hidden agendas or motive. Kat passed some very important knowledge to Theo that I think he will appreciate even more as time goes by. I can’t hold to meet someone like Kat
Huge of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal channel for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
11:30 - Martin Lawrence - Chris Tucker - Eddie Griffin ….. just a conjecture
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan content like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
For quantum technology overdamped JJs are highly sought-after whose realization demands precise control of junction electric capacitance by engineering the junction area using microfabrication techniques.
The most boring podcast speaker
These results help clarifying the foundation of the modification of the susceptibility function for cooling of the mechanical mode
I just went through the portal after shooting the symbols with the ice staff and it dropped me to my expiration I didn’t move or anything but I lost my gums and a good run.
President Trump’s executive proclamation seeking to end birthright citizenship is already facing lawsuits but that has been little comfort to women who expect to give birth after the order goes into effect.
We introduce a novel algorithm Average Tracking Bandit Online Clustering (ATBOC) and prove that this algorithm is order optimal meaning that the upper bound on its expected exemplar complexity for given error probability is within a factor of 2 of an instance-dependent lower bound as.
Incredible!! By the Golden Throne this looks incredible!
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two faces of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 trajectories converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
Changes that appeared in print on Tuesday Jan. 21 2025.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early trophy taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data facilities.
The utility Santee Cooper is trying to sell two nuclear reactors that it abandoned in 2017 as tech companies seek new wellsprings of electricity for data centers.
Domestic airfares are on the grow economy hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price cuts.
It’s only day and my week has already been made So so happy to see Tom McGilton. An Whynot recorder back in action missed that car so much Also nice to see Dave Schroeder C7 back after that massive crash on day 1 last year
In particular we explore the case where the age constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide range of possible behaviours.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport invasion appeared to have no particular ideology but was obsessed by violence and genocide investigators said.
I live just down the road from lead poison city and me n friends will never go there its just a money snatch way too expensive!.
I always found him immature and indifferent. He never seemed in love with her but like someone who cared for her and knew she was good for him. She was too good for him. I’m not surprised it ended like this. This just proves my point. I wish she left him sooner but thank God it’s over. Kind soul girls have all dated someone like Matt. She will find someone who loves her to death. I went through the same thing and two years later I’m happily married. Now my ex won’t stop bugging me.
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American crime group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals pivot.
Restored to influence President Trump claimed that God put him there and asserted the right to single-handedly redraw the world map as he sees fit.
Sending love to Rachael we’ve all been there woman. You will come out on the other side better and brighter! I can’t wait to hear the follow up to this convo
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....basis women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
Games garbage they just proved that with adding a e.e. that takes you so long to do with so many steps only hacks and cheaters playing ranked and multi so they needed to affect zombies competitors and this is how they destroy there fan base check the comments the over all thoughts is this up daye has been one of the worst
Man so cool to see these guys together I was nervous for Theo his style and randomness played well with Katt though. Funny combination of dudes right here from two facets of comedy. Totally different but so similar.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different dimension. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
Staff members overseeing variety equity and inclusion efforts were to be placed on paid administrative leave by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
Lt. Gen. Herzi Halevi who has commanded the Israeli military throughout 15 months of war in Gaza said he was resigning over its inefficacy to protect against the 2023 assault.
This work explores the role of supernova feedback on the metallicity gradients by comparing three feedback models ejecting energy in thermal stochastic and mechanical stochastic.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when couples break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a office after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
What really has me interested and even excited about it is the representation of the OTHER 40k factions in this. Chaos marines Tau Orks. Well probably see the pointy eared opponents whining at the monkeighs to get off their craftworlds!
Marco Rubio told State Department employees that changes under Pvengefulsident Trump “are not meant to be destructive they’re not meant to be punitive.”
The Yankees thrower and his wife were named in a suit that says a young girl was assaulted at their home and at properties connected to a church they helped found. The couple’s lawyer called the allegations “false.”
Party loyalty remains strong even for nominees who go down. Pete Hegseth’s no different but the Trump period has strengthened it even more.
A Manhattan aesthetician was arrested and charged with wire fraud and smuggling after injecting individuals at his medical spa with counterfeit Botox prosecutors said.
Donald Trump’s pledge-filled speech made him sound like a candidate trying to run up the accumulate.
This fellow nails grimdark just as i imagined it as a kid so so excited for this
[2025-01-20] Let and let be the infinite result measure whose -th marginal is Bernoulli.
This word has appeared in 375 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a clause?
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a psychoanalyst may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
To open his term with such an act of scorn toward the legal system is audacious even for Mr. Trump.
We also design the Ditto hardware a specialized hardware boost fully exploiting the dynamic characteristics of the proposed algorithm.
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the frequency band of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
16:53 Lol me on a on a regular basis to day basis processing life.
Our method effectively improves the overall prediction accuracy and addresses the challenge of forecasting extreme weather incidents.
A pair of inventive humorous films lead off this month’s exploration of the hidden discoveries on your subscription streaming services.
The nation’s politics are going to change in President Trump’s second government — though we don’t yet know how.
In particular we explore the case where the time constant vanishes and demonstrate the existence of a wide assortment of possible behaviours.
Ross Ulbricht was serving a life sentence for creating a site in a shady recess of the internet to sell heroin cocaine and other illicit substances.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces growth its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th house of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
[2025-01-20] Federated Learning (FL) suffers from severe falloff degradation due to the data heterogeneity among clients.
By splitting the model between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the orbiter segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
The president’s second inauguration began with somber display and ended with a reality-TV document signing.
Couldn’t even watch 10 mins of his season toxic arrogant bro vibes running off the coattails of his acquaintance. So happy Rachael has her life back. She deserves so much better.
We show that most of the LLM methods do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad range of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
Mr. William’s drip is kinda frosty the leather trearel jacket a bright ass yellow hat some thick chains and a random green shirt
This is the last chance there is to do things on land. The earth is going to pass away. That’s not worldly that’s letting yourself experience what God created just for you.
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA capability in terms of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini series that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for period!!!
Katt is so calm. Its actually so refreshing but also uncomfortable that he doesnt fluctuate his vigor. Inspirational. Goals tbh
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large dialects models.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the mismatch of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive characteristics.
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link quality forecast particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging exploration directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
A record number of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were factors.
For his latest Vuitton collection Pharrell Williams tapped his best bud Nigo to be co-creative conductor. And Bernard Arnault made it back from the Trump inauguration to see it.
Domestic airfares are on the rise economy hotels are holding steady and cruise lines are favoring booking incentives over price decreases.
All 17 inhabitants who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as homes nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
Make sure you get capture of Tom pouting when he doesn’t win his own event. Again.
The instruction “risks abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
In this paper we investigate auditory illusions of the Whisper ASR model induced by non-speech audio segments present during inference.
On Tuesday President Claudia Sheinbaum responded point by point to President Trump’s officer orders on migration trade and other issues.
To validate model estimates by analyzing experimental data we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic behavior in experimental games.
In particular we use the nested program which implements slice sampling as search method.
Wow katt drive swing was expressive
Industrial growth the shares market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s drive to become a developed economy.
Our results show that MC-Frequency Dropout improves calibration combination and semantic uncertainty thereby improving prediction scrutiny boundary delineation and has the potential to enhance medical decision-making.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston inhabitants greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also concern.
A growing number of excursions operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned trips with a new emphasis on making friends.
I miss the old days of people spamming X on everything and anything and throwing grenades everywhere to try and find the next step. Used to love going between you NGTz etcs streams to see if anyones found anything new. I only just found out the illustration has come out and the EE guide is already out?? :/ How have call of duty given the community less content to make?? looks cool i guess tho
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. President Trump’s nominee to be medical secretary would have oversight power over the vaccine’s maker Merck if confirmed.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest display brought to mind the hit Apple TV show. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
The head of state’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal limits on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship.
Rachael is so beautifully feminine. I hope she finds her true masculine confidant! Stay song Rachael!
Its growth relates to the density of eigenvalues of self-adjoint realisations of the arrangement and the Jacobi operator respectively.
Industrial growth the stock market and the rupee are sinking and most consumers earn too little to buoy them stymieing India’s advance to become a developed economy.
[2025-01-20] The metamorphosis of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the brain.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained communicator verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
You all throw out narcissist as if it’s the word of the day. From cultural differences religious preferences and conversation styles it’s clear they’re not each others match. So quick to find a villain when the signs clearly were there (which Rachel also sees in retrospect). We only get one side of the story.
To validate model predictions by analyzing experimental information we demonstrated that our model can successfully explain non-Nash equilibrium strategic behavior in experimental games.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining prime given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime power.
Broooooo we got the yelly irish fellow in 40k. Space marine 2 playthrough when?
Legal experts said the president was testing the boundaries of executive power with aggressive commands designed to stop the country from transitioning to renewable energy.
Moreover we show that the first critical starting point is a perron number while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
We present a hierarchy of Lagrangian dual bounds by exploiting the theory of integer positive semidefinite tensors and propose three algorithms for obtaining those bounds.
The latest closure means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record snowfall to the territory on Tuesday.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of ice and frost and challenges to a city unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
Boss scrap looks so lame
Snowboarding is the latest game to embrace technology as a judge at least partly at this week’s X Games.
This investigation presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC execution step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Bishop Budde locked eyes with President Trump and made a supplication for mercy — and the war over spiritual authority in America was ignited anew.
Scroll down for advice and conversation about the puzzle for Wednesday Jan. 22 2025.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did naught to change the reality of the attack on the Capitol.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable input span series length.
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause females never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other ways that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
President Trump’s administrator actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a sanctuary for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior achievement achieving 83.1% accuracy in product classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
Humans are known to invent private hand gestures. Chimps in the wild conduct too a new study suggests.
With these we offer various perspectives and actionable proposals in this area.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthdevotion has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall satisfaction of tools and frameworks from the technicians perspective.
I cried for her. She seems so genuine and is truly heartbroken over this and Matt should have given her more than an Instagram announcement of their break-up. 4 years is not something to sneeze at.
The British defense secretary told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coastline for the second time in a few months.
the black madam at the Airport
Thousands of migrants are now in limbo at the U.S.-Mexico border after President Trump shut down the main legal lane for asylum seekers to enter the country. Many had waited months for immigration appointments until the CBP One app was abruptly shut down on Monday.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the boundary fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
Speaker Mike Johnson said the panel would counter “false narratives” about the Jan. 6 2021 melee and what led up to it a sign that the G.O.P. would continue to try to shift blame for the attack.
The firm said those results were buoyed by programming in recent months that exceeded internal expectations.
Started enjoyable till Katt went sage route again. Like he knows some shit that the balance of us dont know. get the F outta here
Our results indicate that the resonant resolution i.e. resonant breather-soliton of the KPI and soliton for the KPII represents the limiting case of the quasi-resonant solution as.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his head towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight symbol there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
Theo would you ever have someone on your podcast that is at the opposite end of the spectrum from the normal people you have on? Most people you have are well known and established individuals. Would you have someone who feels like they are a nobody to the society? Someone who wishes they could be relevant and not a ghost of this world?
Its about time brothers. He being unleashed the goat the man.
You can tell Theo is so nervous with Katt and he wants to do good!! He’s like a little boy learning from a wise chap! Kattfucious
Katt is my favorite comedian with George Carlin. Impactful folk. Thanks for that moment.
Through a series of experiments we discovered that an effective startpoint in the sampling stage significantly enhances the style shift process.
By studying the internal distribution of individual components within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound problem for finite sets.
After a teenager admitted murdering three girls at a dance class Keir Starmer said people were being radicalized into violence for its own sake and fanaticism laws might need to change.
Mr. William’s drip is kinda frosty the leather tassel jacket a bright ass yellow hat some thick chains and a random green shirt
We evaluate Chat3GPP on two telecom-specific datasets and demonstrate its superior performance compared to existing methods showcasing its likelihood for downstream tasks like protocol generation and code automation.
We present an innovative encoding approach based mainly on the use of Set Encoding methods of sequence data which give accurate adaptive model identification for complex dynamic systems with variable accurate time series length.
​@ReidClarkComedy Are you implying that black black comedians cant get on these "riendcast" without someone having to say to themselves "ou know what we need a black guy?
Such a reduction reveals that existing AThFHE schemes implicitly design ATh-ApproxSS following a similar idea called ``noisy apportionment.
Many roadways were impassable levels were canceled in local schools and many businesses could not open as a winter storm essentially brought New Orleans to a standstill.
2 humorists cracking jokes is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. hes too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
The Florida governor used the wording in issuing a state of emergency over a cold cold wave expected in his state.
FIRSTBORN SPACE MARINES FOREVER. Who needs Primaris stormtroopers?!
The defendants all from Chile are accused of participating in a South American felony group targeting multimillion-dollar homes the authorities said. One of the targets appeared to be Mr. Burrow the Cincinnati Bengals quarterback.
Jennifer Medina a political correspondent who lives in Los Angeles writes about a reporting trip that took her to both the Palisades and Eaton fire zones.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given particulars for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
Damb 2025 is the year of heavy hitter i suppose. Doom dismal gta 6 ( hopefully) nightreign. And now astartes is back?!?!?!?
All causative causative factors are evaluated based on the quality of data collection; variations from each source are quantified; and an objective function related to carbon footprint in ICT energy management is optimized.
For that matter the complex scaled two-body table elements must firstly be determined and the resulting many-body Hamiltonian complex symmetric matrix must be diagonalized afterwards.
Adrian Wojnarowski is trying to help St. Bonaventure’s tiny basketball program thrive in the scary new sphere of college sports.
As Israel withdraws some of its troops from Gaza during a cease-fire there it has turned attention to another Palestinian territory — in particular a city with a history of militant endeavors.
Ill buy theo the other cat william
My first game was commander keen so we been playing those types of amusement since b4 Nintendo
Hence this tool represents a meaningful advancement in managing Michigans water resources sustainably promoting environmentally friendly strategies and supporting economic development.
Our shame Is On Your Hands
By prompting GPT-4o to evaluate the likelihood of specific emojis being used to express irony on social media and comparing its interpretations with human perceptions we aim to bridge the gap between computer and human understanding.
Two prominent far-right extremists with central roles in the Capitol incursion Enrique Tarrio of the Proud Boys and Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers militia have been set free.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we give the exact order of the inconsistency of the digital van der Corput--Kronecker sequences that are based on recent counterexamples of the -adic Littlewood conjecture in positive characteristics.
Sons of Medusa getting more content in one visual effects than the Iron Hands got in their entire history.
We show that their area dynamics can be described by a Langevin equation with a constant negative drift and noise proportional to the outline fully characterizing bubble area and lifetime statistics.
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech enhancement (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained presenter verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum physics (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
Didnt see it in this clip or Tom Baileys... Over 350 cars probably wasnt filmed.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted head as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
[2025-01-20] In the celebrated work of Friesecke James and M\"ller 06 the authors derive a organization of models for plates by carefully analyzing the -convergence of the rescaled nonlinear elastic energy.
The results suggest that higher sophistication expressivity of CNNs does not severely suffer from the curse of dimensionality.
Claire Fahy who attended U.C.L.A. and helped cover the conflagrationss for The Times reflects on her own ties to the Palisades fire.
In a flurry of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new some. Court battles seem likely.
[2025-01-20] We study the spectra of non-selfadjoint first-order executants on the interval with non-local point interactions formally given by $i+V+k,$.
The storm brought both dazzling landscapes of freeze and snow and challenges to a city unaccustomed to such severe winter weather.
In particular the flavoured indicator bosons resulting from the deconstruction must lie in the vicinity of the TeV scale thereby providing interesting phenomenology that can be probed at near future colliders.
It is increasingly used in software engineering e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine absorption and software improvement.
Pamela Hemphill 71 of Boise Idaho who served 60 days in lockup said it would be “an insult to the Capitol Police” if she accepted the pardon.
However this transformation can drastically change the size of the input and has complexity difficulties.
However the timing of covariate measurements is often irregular which may introduce additional confounding prejudice as well as selection bias into the causal effect estimate.
Theo is gonna copy his dad no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older pops
Kat should drop the sophisticated black pose.. he’s not intelligent he’s funny that’s it
First CHD pod and can I just say it loud enough for everyone in the hinder unshare your location if you have not already!
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and guilt and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
THIS IS SOME THERAPEUTIC SHIT. The aura of these men??!! The bleeding core revelations paralleled by their effortless comedic relief is living art.
From national defense to home insurance the president has quickly changed America’s climate adaptation policies in important ways.
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No way he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and guilt and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
Katt looks like 2 chainz & cam newton’s newborn baby
@NothingButDanks agree about self love... but your self is not your race... even katt says this when he says theo would be theo no nature what race he was
In a new series the celebrity star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
Donald Trump’s pledge-filled speech made him sound like a candidate trying to run up the amass.
This method not only aids in the precise quantification of calcifications in coronary arteries but also provides valuable insights into the underlying anatomical structures.
In this paper we investigate the criteria for the semistability of the restriction of onto the components of when is given to be semistable with esteem to a polarization.
While the wages of success in the region will be enormous the outcomes of failure will be utterly hellish.
am i the only me that gets annoyed at the way Kat talks?
After smoothing these arrangements via the gradient flow method we numerically confirm that the topological charge has a fractional value.
Chilly thrillers snowy fancies and Alpine adventure novels exquisitely capture the atmosphere of the season.
I love how Katt loves the bicycle story. Its embellished but Theo embellishes it to make it kinda ridculous with the bicycles. But then Katt clarifies and its even more ridiculous because there is a million dollars worth of 3 wheelers with crazy lights and garbage.
Theo was indeed feeling the stress of this interview
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency example interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the majority will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual replacement to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
In a new series the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her guidelines to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely laugh at other peoples wisecracks as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
William McKinley the 25th president loved tariffs and expanded American country. What more do you need to know?
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take consideration someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
Importantly we establish the beingness and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse problems offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a dame to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
[2025-01-20] For the first time we analyze the impact of dark matter (DM) on the curvature properties of quarkyonic neutron celestial bodies (NS) using a hybrid model based on quarkyonic-effective field theory within the relativistic mean-field (E-RMF) framework.
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a description that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a lawsuit settlement.
Our preliminary analyses indicate that the model trained only with 21 CT numbers 672 masks and 40 GPU hours has a transfer learning ability similar to the model trained with 5,050 (unlabeled) CT volumes and 1,152 GPU hours.
Whoa they finally let Syama Pedersen cook I thought this would never come out ever since Syama went back to freelance work. I guess they repaired their relationship during secret round and finally gave my man some budget
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde addressed President Trump during an inaugural prayer service and asked him to show mercy to immigrants and the L.G.B.T.Q. assembly.
The verdict leaves refugees who have completed a lengthy process stranded abroad and facing extended separation from loved ones already in the U.S.
It is increasingly used in software computer science e.g. in software confidentiality software testing predictive analysis machine learning and software improvement.
The president’s Day 1 actions included directives that fly in the face of legal limits on involving the military in domestic operations and the constitutional pledge of birthright citizenship.
0:39 that one guy after taco ding.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess totals but Florida appears to have broken a state snow file.
In New York private restaurants in luxury high-rises are a popular amenity. The public cannot eat there and residents only drop in occasionally.
Ross Ulbricht was serving a life sentence for creating a site in a shady corner of the internet to sell heroin snow and other illicit substances.
Republicans have promised that more initiatives to accelerate and expand immigration enforcement will follow.
Best interview I’ve seen you do Alex. Championing her as you did at the end bought a stream to my eye. Really beautiful stuff.
In such systems chemical activity is transformed into mechanical deformation by distributed motor-type transmission systems represented by continuum degrees of freedom.
I thought Theo was too young for me. No idea he was 44. I love that he wants to get married ! He would be a cool step dad too.
Wiser about the use of power the newly sworn-in leader suggests that this time he will not take no for an answer whether in enacting an ambitious domestic agenda or in his expansionist worldview.
The justices heard arguments over whether courts must limit their scrutiny of challenges to police shootings to “the point of threat.”
Katt Williams is reminding me of Bob Marley how he just wants harmony and how calm he is
The killing of a young Black man Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
Speaking a day after Trump’s induction Ukraine’s president told world leaders at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
For a payment to be made between two peers in a PCN a feasible low-fee route in the network must be planned.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking points about the commerce immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
Mr. Trump had claimed the A.I. announcement as an early prize taking credit for the companies’ decision to spend up to $500 billion building data centers.
A movies of inventive comedies lead off this month’s exploration of the hidden discoveries on your subscription streaming services.
All 17 people who died in the Eaton fire lived in an area where evacuation orders came hours later than others even as lodgings nearby were already burning. Some people never received warnings at all.
By splitting the diagram between a LEO and a ground terminal the computational burden on the satellite segment is reduced while each LEO satellite offloads the partially trained model to the next satellite in the constellation.
100% and it started when he dragged her thru the mud on live tv in front of the whole state for her going to a stupid party. Who does that to someone they love?
After the search giant welcomed more ads from small rivals like Ask.com Google ad prices for some nonprofits ballooned.
This new designation achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding order.
The JIT runtime automatically tries out specialization choices and measures their impact on system performance e.g. request latency or throughput to guide the search.
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong enthusiasm in train travel will all be in play in the year ahead.
W Theo for this union love from New Zealand
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a female to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
Some had returned to the hotel year after year. Their passings — amid dozens of others at the hotel — have stirred grief and outrage.
Magicians ain’t shit unless they’re doing spellbinding
he knew nick the raper his full moniker
The architecture incorporates multi-head attention layers and hierarchical encoding modules enabling the design to produce outputs that align closely with human expectations of logical structure and semantic flow.
The JPMorgan Chase chief director who had warned of the negative effect of tariffs said they could be justified for national security reasons.
President Trump made major decision moves immediately after taking office withdrawing from major international agreements promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating apprehension and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 anecdotes.
Mayor Eric Adams of New York City a Democrat declined to say anything negative about Donald J. Trump’s early executive orders saying he would bring any concerns directly to the leader.
I’m hearing rumours that this isn’t an accurate representation of what astartes 2 will be. Apparently this is just a very brief flashback section and the most will take place in current 40k with primaris marines in all the new bad looking armour and vehicles. I can totally believe that this is the case since GW hates first born. If it is the case I feel extremely mislead and manipulated. This is nostalgia baiting and key jangling at its worst if true. We want a true spiritual successor to astartes 1 and that simply can’t be achieved in primaris armour. They’re frankly far too safe and halo looking to fit into the grim dark aesthetic that the artist had in the first one.
If he regrets the breakup subsequently then why not delete it?
Bishop Budde locked eyes with President Trump and made a plea for mercy — and the war over spiritual supremacy in America was ignited anew.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..nothing wrong about agreeing about subjects we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
She doesnt appreciate herself enough. She seems like such a lovely human. He looked like a narcissist always only obsessed with eating and exercising.
A memo asserts that state and local officials are bound to cooperate and could face criminal charges or civil penalties if they fail to comply.
Notably the screening throngs of and exhibit a non-monotonic dependence on closely following the variations in their corresponding chiral condensates.
Activists are holding meetings to advise people about their legal liberties and families have been drafting powers of attorney.
Can’t wait for her to realize she was always the most interesting individual about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll keep following her regardless of whatever man is by her side
Recently R\"ssler and Szamuely generalized Ribets theorem in terms of the \etale cohomology with -coefficients of a smooth proper heterogeneity.
Hollywood’s silence reveals the outlines of our escalating conflict with China; we’re digesting the war on TikTok instead.
Mr. Puzder a former fast provisions executive was nominated in 2017 to be President Trump’s labor secretary but he withdrew amid bipartisan scrutiny of his business record and character.
1000s of years of white people not being able to go to heaven? lord how little about slavery does this man know and why does it make him only hate white people? everyone was involved in the slave traffic EVERYONE.
Covered windows peeling wallpaper: For the first time outside of Amsterdam an exhibition reconstructs Anne’s hiding place during the devastation of the Holocaust.
The United Automobile Workers union has been pressing the vehicle manufacturer which owns Chrysler and Jeep to revive the plant in Belvidere Ill.
First CHD unit and can I just say it loud enough for everyone in the back unshare your location if you have not already!
The model accounts for the interplay of risk-free rate uncertainty and credit risk.
This paper focuses on the initial setup of ORCA referred to as ORCA6 which comprises six out of the foreseen 115 detection units of photosensors.
We also find a universal bond between the dimensionless moment of inertia and compactness which shows distinct deviations from GR in models.
A sharp transition for the rate mathematical function occurs depending on whether the tangential boundary diffusion is faster or slower than in the interior of the domain.
Him saying he was at 200 reps is just absolutely unbelievable. He 100% did not do 200 pushup. It’s little man’s syndrome
Unlike digital-based accelerators there is growing curiosity in exploring photonics due to its high energy efficiency and ultra-fast processing speeds.
The chiral symmetry restriction of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
The statement would require that infants born alive after an attempted abortion receive the same protection as any newborn baby and threaten medical providers with prison time for failing to resuscitate them.
Caleb Rijos 14 was fatally stabbed on his course to school. The man who the police say is responsible has a long criminal record.
In particular the flavoured gauge bosons resulting from the deconstruction must lie in the vicinity of the TeV size thereby providing interesting phenomenology that can be probed at near future colliders.
The flux surface label must simultaneously satisfy the entity equation and the GSE which generally leads to an overdetermined problem.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge rein and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the attention of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
In the proposed solution blueprint we first obtain a reference scheduling scheme of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
The current uplink systems that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low grade channel scenarios.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation approximation but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
Mr. Trump had the prerogative to declare two emergencies. But they also happened to advance his favorite targets: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark Forces Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - judgment day and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
My Firstborn fluid is tingling
In this duty we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Everyone is talking about the tau and the chaos marines but is nobody going to talk about the cool chainsword backdrop with blood splattering and covering the screen as flesh are ripped to shreds?? also can someone tell me the name of the bradley looking thing with the autocannon?
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in item classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
These agents are designed to autonomously generate radio maps and facilitate wireless network scheduling for specified areas thereby minimizing the necessity for extensive manual intervention.
Efficient classification of drivers behavior while driving using only the measurements of the monitors already incorporated in the vehicles and without the need to add extra hardware (smart phones cameras etc.) is a challenge.
We provide a new authentication of the latter using charts adapted with the geometric structures.
And for a lot of people thats enough."Humility and modesty is just as much a manifestation of humanity as Pride and Excellence. Its takes great people to build a society and average people to run it. Both would be in ruin without the other. Praise be to anyone who can see the significance in both.
Also our brains dont know the difference between what we talk about doing and doing it meaning that by talking about what we want to do our brain gets gratification as if we did whatever it was so our incentive to actually do it goes waaaay down...
Our evaluation on three datasets two underlying LLMs three baselines and several ablation checks based on the components of RACCOON demonstrate the utility of RACCOON.
00:00:00 - Introduction to Kat Williams 00:04:30 - Beliefs About Heaven 00:09:14 - Time and Lifes Adventures 00:17:34 - Overview of the New Tour 00:22:52 - Injury and Recovery Stories 00:29:53 - Childhood Swimming Memories 00:36:04 - Impact of Natural Disasters 00:40:04 - Cultural Perspectives on Ethnicity 00:46:10 - Navigating Nervousness and Risk 00:50:30 - Life as an Experience Not a Sentence 00:57:20 - New Ventures: Military Base Purchase 01:01:53 - Projects in the Works 01:07:33 - Navigating Relationships and Marriage 01:12:50 - The Unique Qualities of Black Women 01:17:38 - The Role of Rituals in Entertainment 01:21:48 - Lessons from Childhood Reading 01:27:51 - Hollywoods Dark drive Explained 01:35:15 - Musics Role in Comedy 01:40:18 - Meeting Shaquille ONeal 01:46:03 - Princes Love for Jam Sessions 01:51:46 - Navigating Success and Love 01:56:35 - Cloning and Its Implications 02:01:26 - Harvey Weinsteins Power Dynamics 02:06:20 - Bill Cosbys Legacy and Controversy 02:18:41 - The Importance of Communication in Relationships 02:23:02 - Armageddon and Its Significance 02:29:10 - Cultural Insights from Native Americans 02:33:11 - Creating Heaven on Earth
bro said he hopped right out of the chair. we love what you did for cleet
Snowfall along the Gulf Coast is rare. So the powder on Tuesday inspired plenty of exhilaration and delight.
The $252 billion spending program for New York addressed concerns about affordability crime and the cost of living but did little to anticipate President Trump’s policies.
Every January we have to see who gets the Katt Williams interview that sets in motion the future. Last time we got Truth.
The city’s traditional cafes and bistros are staking out their cultural territory in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated newcomers serving up latte art.
feels like you’re driving an correspondence
Some analysts increasingly believe the president sees levies as more than a negotiating ploy. To him they’re a potential source of yield.
@dianeblake3645 He looks like a weasel?? Ok cease’s stop. He is very handsome.
We show that the Gelfand-Kirillov (GK) dimension of these algebras is bounded above by their global dimension and establish a similar result for the minimal magnitude of generators.
President Trump wants an External Revenue Service to collect tariffs on imports. One barter expert said the move may be “more branding than substance.”
[2025-01-20] Decays of charmonium into hyperon and antihyperon pairs provide a pristine laboratory for exploring hyperon properties such as their polarization and breakdown parameters and for conducting tests of fundamental symmetries.
Critically A2SB is end-to-end without requirement of a vocoder to predict waveform outputs able to restore hour-long audio inputs and trained on permissively licensed music data.
The order “dangers abandoning thousands of Afghan wartime allies” who worked with Americans before the Taliban takeover the head of a resettlement group said.
This is Absolutely Awesome! And the fact that Katt is running with the Nutcracker wit is freakin Great!
The incoming White House chief of staff may well represent the thin line between the commander-in-chief and disaster.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue maturation requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
Why’s this gathering of minds feel like a prophecy coming to pass
I’m white and Hispanic and I stg I had a dream I was a black woman. I was in a pool and I had long legs and I watched the brine bead up on my legs. I remember feeling so sexy. I still think ab that dream. I don’t know if it happens to other people but it definitely happened to me.
We also present ViViD-S a refined video try-on dataset achieved by filtering back-facing segments and applying 3D mask smoothing for enhanced temporal consistency.
We use a tadpole-improved NRQCD action including spin-dependent corrections for the heavy quarks and extended meson operators in order to be sensitive to in-medium properties of the bottomonium states of concern.
President Trump made major policy moves immediately after taking workplace withdrawing from major international agreements promising steep tariffs and pardoning nearly all of the Jan. 6 rioters.
Experimental results demonstrate that GAT-LLM significantly improves the accuracy and robustness of link excellence prediction particularly in multi-step prediction scenarios.
The adviser to President Trump faces charges that he fleeced donors who thought they were helping to build a barrier on the U.S.-Mexico border.
The current uplink frameworks that use orthogonal multiple access (OMA) and the proposed non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) fail to achieve the required data rates / power consumption under predominantly low rank channel scenarios.
This is sufficient to describe the case of non-rotating progenitor cores representing the vast majority of possible happenings.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the guy can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are employment and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
In this paper several classes of -weight linear codes over are presented with the defining sets given by the intersection difference and union of two certain sets where and is an odd prime prime.
This assumption indeed effects in the observed loss tangent behavior.
True! We are so back fck yeah ty warhammer for hiring the astartes guy its a bright future for the warhammer expanse
Previous works either identify out-of-context disinformation by assessing the consistency of images to the whole file neglecting relations of individual entities or focus on generic entities that are not relevant to news.
This result refutes one of Langs suppositions [arXiv:2308.12281] which seeks to generalize the Erds Matching Conjecture.
A multifaceted musician he was the last surviving original member of an influential group that mixed rock r&b and an Americana sound.
On Monday President Trump took action to close the nation’s southern margin and terminate a widely used app. Many migrants expressed despair and some moved to cross the border anyway.
Theo star struck but Katt reinsurance I love seeing this unfold. Theres a great level of esteem here.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s pain and it is blood but it’s the current of essence,” she said.
“It took us a few minutes to accept that this pile of rubble was our abode,” said Islam Dahliz whose family was ordered by Israeli forces to evacuate Rafah in May.
Its growth relates to the density of characteristic values of self-adjoint realisations of the system and the Jacobi operator respectively.
they should let this person be Henrys right hand man for the cinematic universe
We further investigate LLMs capabilities as a faithfulness post-editor experimenting with different chain-of-thought prompts for locating and correcting factual inconsistencies between a generated summary and the source news document and are able to achieve a higher editing success rate than was reported in prior job.
Four immigration forum officials were removed from their positions on Monday. It’s unclear who is in charge at this point.
An mudbrick home in Santa Fe a Craftsman bungalow in Norfolk and a Victorian-style house in Missoula.
He issued formal pardons to more than 1,550 rioters charged with a wide spectrum of crimes and commuted the sentences of 14 members of far-right groups.
“How you gon let a whole urban center burn down but you ain’t let a brother smoke a menthol Joe Rogan? ”
I don’t think Katt is a bad dude but he’s one of those guys that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just exudes of having an enormous ego.
Thanks for your vulnerability Rachael. I hear and can identify with the insecurities of someone who claims you arent the one. For what its worth closure with James and a therapist may be really helpful for healing. Sending you all the vibes healing self-love. I briefly googled yalls astrology charts and if he really is a Pisces rising its interesting this happened when the south node of the moon moved into his 7th residence of relationships. It is infamously known as time of breakups.
We clarify the proposed phase transition is an deception caused by confusion between different configurations.
Additionally this structure facilitates the estimation of global phenomena such as information cascades using local information from small neighborhoods.
We extensively study conditions for the presence of designs obtained from our method and present many curious examples of degree through some of which are to our surprise characterized in terms of integral lattices.
Marco Rubio told State Department workforce that changes under President Trump “are not meant to be destructive they’re not meant to be punitive.”
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetism and underscore the transformative prospect of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
I hope Theo asks out the airport girl. He seems lonely. He needs a miss to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
Its like theo cant accept or believe any praise flattery katt
What a great route to start the morning! The Astartes Guy has not lost a step!
Katt is a good man
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s ache and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
Since is a Lagrangian submanifold we consider that a neighborhood of is embedded in the fibre bundle.
This paper reports conclusions from 20 interviews with creative workers in three domains: visual art and design writing and programming.
Her jewelry creations were worn by celebrities like Rihanna and Beyoncé. She died periods after emergency surgery following a skiing accident.
Getting married isnt bad its the regime being apart of the marriage so they can get money out of it
Scaling space marines to believable scale is tricky but this nails it
A new treatise by the British cultural journalist Dorian Lynskey chronicles our centuries-old obsession with doomsday scenarios.
Hell yeah its about era.
On the other side we show that many subsets of the Torelli group are bounded with respect to this metric.
We also prove that empirical Bayes methods can produce ARD mechanism in general regularized linear regression models and clarify the conditions under which models such as ridge snare and group lasso can produce ARD mechanism.
Through extensive experiments we demonstrate TigerVectors hybrid search faculty scalability and superior performance compared to other graph databases (including Neo4j and Amazon Neptune) and a highly optimized specialized vector database (Milvus).
Ken Martin the captain of the Minnesota Democrats said he was nearing the level of support needed to become the next leader of the Democratic National Committee.
The simulation is dominated by cooling in the mixing layer rather than turbulent thermal and yet enhanced emission in warm lines is produced.
The figures are unofficial because National Weather Service officials must assess sums but Florida appears to have broken a state snow record.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
In this study we present an analytical approach to accurately calculate the mode shapes and resonance counts of these cantilevers including higher-order modes then we derive the modal sensitivity.
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall satisfaction of tools and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability path simulation.
The Iranian-backed dissident group in Yemen had earlier said they would scale back attacks given the cease-fire in the conflict in Gaza.
This one was a little rough at first. Katt wasnt really giving much and you could tell that Theo was having a hard instant. But Theo did one thing and it shows how much he understands people. Katt was smoking and Theo asked if he could smoke with him and you could literally see the Katts shell fall off and his comfort level increased after that. He laughed alot more and even played off of Theos bits alot more.
Music played a huge capacity in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small screens. Hear 13 examples.
I’m sorry but kat didn’t do no 200 propel ups
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them truth of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
The country’s politics are going to change in President Trump’s second term — though we don’t yet know how.
We illustrate this relationship and compare our stopping boundaries to those derived in the classical background.
Furthermore we discuss critical challenges and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language prototypes.
However while W-CRC provides statistical consistency its efficiency -- measured by the size of the prediction sets -- can only be assessed at test time.
Same shite. Zombies is so dead now its such a sadness. No matter how many cool videos milo makes. Its dead as fuck.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with joy but also anxiety.
This looks very impressive. Especialy the fact that we get to see Chaos space marines and other less known chapters of space marines (not sure if it is but i think i see Scythes of the emperor). Either way it all looks glorious. Plus the setting with the tyranids just running at those impressive speeds really does sell the terror that one might feel about it all
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow conviction Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its course My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
That was a holy shit flash. If anyone deserves that it is Theo Von.
Coverage is determined by processing read comparisons to reference sequences of either contigs or genomes.
The singer-songwriter speaks out about her troubled family history and reads a Modern Love essay about an estranged mother and offspring.
Ryan Carson a well-known policy advocate was killed on a Bedford-Stuyvesant sidewalk in October 2023 in what district attorneys called a random attack.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold pair with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple family to a union of some normal subgroups of.
We show that most of the LLM heuristics do not generalise well when evaluated across a broad breadth of benchmarks in contrast to existing simple heuristics and suggest that any gains from generating very specialist heuristics that only work in small areas of the instance space need to be weighed carefully against the considerable cost of generating these heuristics.
The foundation was so shaky - and him not following his words with actions plus keeping her in "aiting mod" left her feeling insecure..mind games gaslighting cognitive conflict...my heart goes out to her. I dont think she realizes how beautiful she truly is..inside & out..
And then tarnishing the name of God and the word of God to do it is crazy knowing he actively hurt the one person who he should love the most. The fake righteousness is such a tired personality to have on social media anymore
The singer guitarist and composer released heralded music in the 1970s and early ’80s before retreating. The label Jazz Is Dead is boosting his renaissance.
you can burn down a whole town but you cant have a newport... hell theo
He’s making her feel as though it’s her fault that HE doesn’t feel ready. I take back further below when I said I think he’s a narcissist… He’s a full blown narcissist and I’m so happy she’s not with him. Shes going to find her significant other and look back on this relationship and see what we all see now!
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the estimation sets -- can only be assessed at test time.
Modern Love in miniature featuring reader-submitted reports of no more than 100 words.
In a new series the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern renown including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
By leveraging GANs adversarial training framework the aim is to minimize fitting mistakes and improve convergence rates.
The model addresses for the interplay of risk-free rate volatility and credit risk.
Therefore It is vital to calculate/verify the underlying subatomic particles interactions both theoretically and experimentally.
Wow!! By the Golden Pedestal this looks incredible!
Favoring TikTok over national security releasing rioters undermining global health efforts — these actions put all of us at exposure.
Claire Fahy who attended U.C.L.A. and helped cover the fires for The Times reflects on her own links to the Palisades fire.
A powerful winter storm tore across the Gulf Coast on Tuesday bring log snowfall to parts of Louisiana and Texas.
Cruise lines are creating their own beaches reaching out to companies (especially on larger ships) and creating a boutique hotel vibe for luxury clients.
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two manners: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (ii) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
Katt Williams is so ridiculously crazy and a literal walking cartoon. Funny at times and other times bat shit narcissistically insane. Let’s all sidestep the fact that he just said Black humans are superior. If a YTE had said that … wouldn’t that be a white supremacist Double standard much? Also not ridiculously racist? I wish Theo would’ve had the balls comedically to push back a little bit. Especially the way he so subtly trolls and does with everyone else. And saying white people are in heaven? Good god how do these fucks get away with their rampant racism and double standards Katt Williams forever simultaneously smart and stupid. Praise gawd baby
Bishop Budde locked eyes with President Trump and made a plea for mercy — and the war over spiritual dominance in America was ignited anew.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful companies in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and person with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
Officials are warning of the hazards of carbon monoxide poisoning and fires.
Tyranny doesn’t happen overnight. Take it from the people who missed the first warnings.
Through the comprehensive analysis over tens of MLLMs performance across more than 20 benchmarks we aim to quantitatively measure the level of redundancy lies in existing MLLM evaluations provide valuable insights to guide the future development of MLLM benchmarks and offer strategies to refine and address redundancy issues effectively.
@BrianManning-wh6rl its called finding common ground..naught wrong about agreeing about stuff we can agree on..that used to be very important..one of the hardest things about being an american.but worth the effort
As someone who just happened to stumble upon this magnificent work can anybody tell me the different legions in the advertisement. I need a Warhammer For idiots guide.
The death of a young Black individual Karon Hylton-Brown led to days of protests in 2020 not long after the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold conjugation with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
This interview Rachael expressed and described her relationship with Matt in a healthy way. In 2025 on social media when partners break up it is extremely toxic almost makes you question if they ever loved each other. She expressed her feelings insecurities reflection of their whole tenure of their relationship.. etc. no ego to victim blaming and allowing time to show if it was meant to be. Matt has a lot of areas to grow as a man. Watching the Bachelor you want to see the happily ever after but the reality of real life plays a role after all couples leave the show. Rachael WILL find love again and so will Matt. Wish them both the best
they should let this guy be Henrys right assistant man for the cinematic universe
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity depictions of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor data semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful framework for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability itinerary modeling.
Isolating U.S. companies from cartel activities could be almost impossible given that the criminal groups operate in sectors like agriculture and tourism leaving some American firms vulnerable to sanctions.
Ian and Shawn Schweitzer argued in a federal lawsuit that local constabulary had failed to arrest a leading suspect.
Four immigration court officials were removed from their positions on Monday. It’s unclear who is in charge at this spot.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading code during the software evolution process.
A growing quantity of tour operators are bringing individual travelers together for professionally planned trips with a new emphasis on making friends.
Rachel I am so very proud of you and I stand with you. I pray that God will heal your beautiful heart and give you a man that deserves you. You are beautiful and selfless and everything happens for a motive because divorce is painful. Happy it didn’t get to that Stay strong hun! Life goes on and your person is out there waiting for you
[2025-01-20] Personalized speech amplification (PSE) methods typically rely on pre-trained speaker verification models or self-designed speaker encoders to extract target speaker clues guiding the PSE model in isolating the desired speech.
The measure which increases deportations for undocumented migrants charged with crimes is likely to be the first proposal to reach President Trump’s desk. It must pass one more House vote to clear Congress.
In his Inaugural Address and remarks afterwards President Trump repeated inaccurate talking assertions about the economy immigration world affairs and the prosecutions into his own conduct. Linda Qiu checked the facts.
With memories of the deadly 2021 winter storm still fresh Houston residents greeted the city’s blanket of snow with pleasure but also concern.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor product of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding space of operations.
[2025-01-20] The group recommendation (GR) aims to suggest recommendations for a group of users in social networks.
The company backed by high-flying Silicon Valley investors like Andreessen Horowitz had promised it would reinvent the rent-to-own model and make it more consumer friendly. High rate rates and mortgage rates thwarted those plans.
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected architecture we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
he knew nick the raper his full handle
In the form Kash Patel said he had participated in an American Bar Association program that promotes diversity. He also played down his role in the Benghazi examination.
For the diffeomorphism group of a closed manifold commutator with first we clarify the relation among the fragmentation norm the conjugation generated norm the commutator length and the commutator length with support in balls and show that is weakly simple relative to a union of some normal subgroups of.
I don’t think Katt is a bad man but he’s one of those guys that thinks that everything he has to say is substantial. Just reeks of having an enormous ego.
With a Turturro cameo and a very surreal set Zegna’s latest presentation brought to mind the hit Apple TV performance. Though the clothes were far from corporate.
President Trump’s executive actions on immigration were the leading edge of an effort to upend the United States’ role as a safe haven for refugees and immigrants. Zolan Kanno-Youngs a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains what Trump has done so far.
Christmas was like a month a recently bro
In the proposed solution framework we first obtain a reference scheduling approach of cell association uplink time and throughput allocation via deterministic optimization at the very beginning.
President Trump appears willing to shake up almost every policy area and a behind-the-scenes E.U. responsibility force has been trying to prepare. But is Europe ready?
Rachel you are deserving of so much better than this!!!! So proud of you for coming on here and sharing the real account! We love you and support you no matter what
Our Blood Is On Your liability
@luxmunk i feel like theo was on his best behavior this chat because he knows kat is genuine
Finally the Emperor’s fairness is delivered!
The first woman to serve as the spiritual leader of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington Bishop Budde had a declaration for President Trump during his first term too.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow ice tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an rebellion (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
Its like theo cant accept or believe any admiration form katt
The opera “Primero Sueño” translates Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz’s ballad about the soul’s journey into a musical promenade around the Cloisters.
Importantly we establish the existence and uniqueness and estimate the continuous dependence of a weak solution upon the given data for some inverse queries offering a foundational understanding of its solvability.
Eight eras ago Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement spurred a big time reaction that shaped the decade. Now it’s a different time.
I believe that was pet cemetery the novel
What a feeling Theo must have felt to go into this interview nervous only to have Katt surprise you suddenly after moment with facts from your hours of episodes. Katt absolutely respects you and is up to date on your content.
Each type of din is then used to train a separate convolutional neural network (CNN) model.
In a spate of unilateral executive actions Mr. Trump revived disputed claims of broad presidential authority from his first term — and made some new ones. Court battles seem likely.
We solve these trajectory equations numerically to analyze the periastron shift of relativistic orbits.
[2025-01-20] Femtosecond laser light can transfer spin angular momentum between magnetic subspecies that exhibit hybridized valence bands within an alloy or compound and represents the fastest method for manipulating the magnetization of a material.
[2025-01-20] Whether the X-ray emissions of strong radiation sources originate from disk+coronas or jets is still controversial.
Mayor Eric Adams of New York City a Democrat declined to say anything negative about Donald J. Trump’s early executive orders saying he would bring any worries directly to the president.
We asked experts if regular exposure to low levels of radiation could be harmful to condition.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive models for tissue development requires examination of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
Saying he can’t live with her for religious reasons but can have sex and expect her to act the wife part without the commitment from his part. This is why so many woman get so hurt because they play house and the fellow can just up and leave when he’s not feeling it anymore. Relationships are work and it’s not about if you feel in love it’s about CHOOSING TO love that person everyday despite their flaws.
Yess! And his stupid comment of “what will you do in real existence issues?” Like bro she will support you and be strong when the time is needed! I don’t even know her and I can see what a strong woman she is. What the heck are you Matt if you can’t support the woman who loves you when she is having a bad day????
World leaders gathered in Davos Switzerland for the annual conclave of the World Economic Forum. Jeanna Smialek a New York Times reporter describes how there was a veneer of anxiety over the event with attendees wondering: How will the new Trump administration affect Europe?
She only had 4 years to show him she has wifey qualities. She failed. Of course she was blindsided....cause women never see anything wrong with them. Marriage doesnt benefit men anyway. Women want selective traditionalism only when it benefits them. But they dont want to be traditional in other means that benefits men. Its very telling that Racheal played the biggest fake victim role on this 304s podcast. W Matt for dodging this bullet!
Treyarch NEED to make that part solo possible in full matches if they want the average player to care about Ice garrison for longer than a week. More like Arse staff until its upgraded.
Early on....freudian slip by Theo when Katt asks him if he is feeling the pressure of the dialogue -- its clear he didnt do proper research to not know Dave Chapelle isnt originally from Ohio annnnnd Hiroshima - I mean good grief those are layup-level knowledge.
Speaking a day after Trump’s inauguration Ukraine’s president told world authorities at Davos that Europe needs to remain united and “learn how to take care of itself.”
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability productivity and overall satisfaction of machinery and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
Axel Rudakubana who killed three young girls in the Southport attack appeared to have no particular worldview but was obsessed by violence and genocide investigators said.
In particular world models have emerged as a linchpin technology offering high-fidelity representations of the driving environment that integrate multi-sensor facts semantic cues and temporal dynamics.
In this work we forecast the capbeginningilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of inflation featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them examples of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the challenges”.
The tomb is vanguard supreme ass lol worst map in the game by far​ @demonslayr1408
Theo is gonna copy his dad no matter how much he didn’t like how old his dad was when he was kid. He’s gonna somehow unconsciously end up being an older patriarch
We address the problem of minimizing time slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability topic to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take support someone full time and video games are a different universe. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
In particular we use the nested program which implements segment sampling as search algorithm.
If you ever make a Warhammer 40k Warhammer the man behind the Astartes series NEEDS to be involved...
This new allocation achieves the optimal power-subcarrier allocation as well as the optimal SIC decoding sequence.
Ok lets analyse: -They swapped out the Lamenter getting beat to death by orks from the original teaser into some new chapter with a badly painted skull as their chapter markings (not sure why they did that but ok?) -Scythes of the Emperor fighting tau and nids -Sons of Medusa doing vehicular warfare -An awkward looking Blood Angel using his jump pack in a narrow frost tunnel -The Retributors fighting Chaos Marines and an uprising (which might be the previous uprising that led to the events of the first Astartes animation) -And the obvious lack of the termi with the inquisitorial symbol (might be grey knights? Might be Deathwatch?) from the animation
The experiential knowledge of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous analysis of these methods approximation errors.
These modifications are accompanied by an observable surge in local structural disorder upon substitution with Te atoms.
Katt needs to lighten up. Hes over thinking everyaffair! Same thing in Rogan interview.
he was being condescending. there was a strange "mask" over this podcast
Mr. Trump had the authority to declare two emergencies. But they also happened to advance his favorite focal points: more fossil fuels and less immigration.
The city’s traditional cafes and bistros are staking out their cultural territory in an emerging duel against highly caffeinated entrepreneurs serving up latte art.
True! We are so back fck yeah ty warhammer for hiring the astartes guy its a bright impending days for the warhammer universe
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level criteria (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust performance analysis.
[2025-01-20] Pristine polycrystalline boron-doped diamond electrodes (BDDEs) -- microcrystalline (B-MCDE) and ultrananocrystalline (B-UNCDE) were applied for the electrochemical diminution of several selected purine nucleotides -- Guanosine 5-monophosphate (GMP) 2-Deoxyguanosine 5-monophosphate (dGMP) Adenosine 5-monophosphate (AMP) Adenosine 5-diphosphate (ADP) Adenosine 5-triphosphate (ATP) and pyrimidine nucleotides -- Cytidine 5-monophosphate (CMP) Thymidine 5-monophosphate (TMP) as well as low-molecular-weight double-stranded DNA (dsDNA) at very negative potentials via linear sweep voltammetry (LSV).
This short scene conceals the names of 13 books published in the middle decades of the 20th century. See if you can find them all and build a reading roster along the way.
These are two products of an American upbringing and experience that no longer exists. That’s what makes them gauntlets of American originals and treasures. Also they both bear fruit edify and keep the truth. “Dodging bullets” and “Surviving the gauntlets”.
In a filing they said the investigation into the mayor began more than a duration before he criticized the former president’s response to the migrant crisis.
The latest blockage means that nearly three-quarters of Louisiana’s portion of the coast-to-coast highway is shut. A rare winter storm brought record snowfall to the state on Tuesday.
A academic opened fire inside Antioch High School shooting two other students and then himself the authorities said. A female student and the shooter were killed officials said.
The limited incorporates material properties and geometric factors including the cross-sections Poincar\e-Wirtinger and Korn constants.
Please make the sequel about three duration long. Thanks.
I am creamin in my jeans
In a new series the pop star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to supporters of what to wear to her concerts.
2 comedians cracking anecdotes is the best. this is whats missing from joe rogan. hes too intellectual to truly kill it with the jokes like theo and kata
The president wants to begin renegotiating a U.S. exchange deal with Canada and Mexico earlier than a scheduled 2026 review people familiar with his thinking said.
Two questions remain to be addressed in order to complete the picture however: 1) Is the atypical magnification displayed by the sine coupling preserved if other coupling functions satisfying the same (odd) symmetry are employed (as suggested by continuum approximations and symmetry arguments)? and 2) how does the competition between both types of randomness (which are expected to coexist in experimental settings) affect the nonequilibrium behavior?
Thank you for bringing the antelope back 2024: LESSONS 2025: BLESSINGS TO ALL OF US WHO MADE IT
“You can burn down a whole community but can’t have a Newport”
This research presents a method to significantly reduce the time of the ISAC carrying out step by streamlining feature extraction and class determination with a graph neural network.
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning radiation on the calculation of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
Through defining a Kronecker product framework set we define if a tensor time series response has a Kronecker product structure equivalent to the ability to decompose according to a tensor factor model.
We’ll be regularly checking in with this group of people during President Trump’s first 100 stretches in office. Here’s what they thought on Day 1.
15:12 pay attention to when katt says “this guy” the way he points his crown towards Theo then a inner heated exchange of words. Shocking ! Pay attention to the whole convo. This happens right after Katt realises the symbol on the knight behind him btw it’s first time Theo has ever placed that knight figure there. A Knight was stamped into a slave that didn’t submit to its owner back in ancient times.
theres a bug with the staff step sometimes during the wave segment to get the staff part they dont all spawn and basically you cant complete the step
The extraordinary pardons and commutations extended to those who committed both violent and nonviolent crimes on Jan. 6 including assaulting police officers and seditious collusion.
Moreover we show that the first critical base is a perron figure while the second critical base is a transcendental number.
Why’s this meeting of minds feel like a omen coming to pass
By real-time modeling we study how localized spin dynamics can affect the nonlinear Hall effect in -symmetric magnets.
Unlike digital-based accelerators there is growing interest in exploring photonics due to its high power efficiency and ultra-fast processing speeds.
The key of is available at.
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of goals in soccer using event-level data from 3,433 fixtures across 21 leagues and competitions.
You definitely need Katt back. Best humor duo podcast! Genuine laughter between them is best part.
[2025-01-20] We investigated the temporal distribution of goals in soccer using event-level data from 3,433 matches across 21 leagues and tournaments.
A record record of border crossers and the continuation of a Trump-era policy were factors.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an concern that has been the focus of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic solution to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor emptiness.
they should let this guy be Henrys right hand second-in-command for the cinematic universe
Its better to be datin a woman from Eaton than eatin a girl from Dayton
Its ok Valrak. Breathe. No Dorn in vision. IRON WITHIN!!!
What a Chad guy was ready
In this study we focus on regeneration reconstruction (IR) which refers to training the readout layer to reproduce the input time series in its output.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top comments sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on presentation and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
Astrotourism side-trips from crowded destinations vacations in cooler places and a strong interest in train travel will all be in play in the period ahead.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological ensemble theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a treatment as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
Experimental results demonstrate DEFENDs superior performance achieving 83.1% accuracy in output classification and 73.8% in visual question-answering tasks outperforming existing methods by significant margins.
Katt Williams is the emperor
How plugged in does Druski have to be for him to have known Katt knew who Theo was. He said so on his segment of the podcast when Theo said he’d like to have Katt on.
You can count on films like “Emilia Pérez” and big stars like Timothée Chalamet and Ariana Grande but this time may hold some surprises too.
Where there is uncertainty I shall bring light Where there is doubt I shall sow faith Where there is shame I shall point atonement Where there is rage I shall show its way My word in the soul shall be as my bolter in the field.
IF this is class of animation is NOT made into a mini lineup that releases one episode a month that is 15 mins long.. for a length of 30 episodes.. There is something SERIOUSLY wrong with the world.. This is EXACLTY what we have been wanting for YEARS!!!
“Was it a fusion or ?”
Some students and professors are questioning whether campus diversity equity and inclusion bureaus should do more to combat antisemitism or whether D.E.I. itself is the problem.
It also signaled it could seek to back out of Biden-era accords with police departments that engaged in discrimination or violence.
When he posted that breakup post it shows he had no thoughtfulness for her and her feelings. He clearly was ready to move on. He could’ve made the post a week later. Rachel he’s ugly anyways you’re stunning don’t feel bad for feeling emotions I’m always a mess around my bf and he comforts me because he knows I am emotional. You deserve a real man.
The commander-in-chief’s executive orders show us where things are headed.
The Inaugural Address that President Trump gave on Monday was in some manner even darker than his “American carnage” inaugural address eight years ago. Michael D. Shear a White House correspondent for The New York Times explains.
Music played a huge role in defining the filmmaker’s distinctive atmosphere on the big and small cinema screens. Hear 13 examples.
We want to know how employees are processing President Trump’s decision to end hiring practices meant to further diversity equity and inclusion in the federal work force.
Every January we have to see who gets the Katt Williams interview that sets in motion the forthcoming. Last year we got Truth.
In this paper we further explore the foundational framework of formal manifolds including the local structure of constant rank morphisms (such as inverse function postulate and constant rank theorems) as well as the theory of formal submanifolds.
The British defense Administrative Assistant told Parliament that the Yantar which he described as a Russian spy ship had come near Britain’s coast for the second time in a few months.
I love seeing this side of katt. Hes a true philosopher. Im disabled and i take care someone full time and video games are a different dimension. I get to be everything from a soldier to a wizard to something orginal like a witcher i live all these different realities and its like exploring the universe of possibilities while im doing the tough real things like taking care of family until they die and watching that
What a heap of crock. He’s a catch in more ways than one. Smart kindhearted handsome and fun. If you really want to go there she could be considered generic.
Has katt ever addressed the educational attainment rate / level among students these days?
Many universities have been reluctant to embrace a definition that among other things considers some criticisms of Israel as antisemitic. The university’s decision was part of a lawsuit accord.
Wiser about the use of power the newly sworn-in president suggests that this moment he will not take no for an answer whether in enacting an ambitious domestic agenda or in his expansionist worldview.
Mr. Curran a current agent will take the helm of an agency that has been the concentration of several investigations since the July assassination attempt against President Trump.
I suppose like it was the other way around. I feel like Matt was the one giving 110%. Not her. She was more on the friendship zone. That’s why Matt didn’t feel it was right to propose
These findings establish ultrathin RuO2 as a platform for strain-engineered magnetic properties and underscore the transformative potential of epitaxial design in advancing spintronic technologies.
Han Kang’s latest novel about a South Korean massacre delves into why atrocities must be remembered. “It’s discomfort and it is blood but it’s the current of life,” she said.
430k views in 4hrs nothing else was expected with that name
We illustrate this methodology on five different scenarios with structures spaces having up to 5 degree-of-freedom (DOF).
The dancer is leaving the company in February after 25 years. She will dance the lead in “Firebird” in her final program.
Christian Zapata hit a man repeatedly after being called to help calm an autistic youth. Mr. Zapata got into a confrontation with the man after the sergeant refused to wear a mask.
Officials are warning of the dangers of carbon monoxide poisoning and outbreaks.
A notable enhancement in emission from 6 strands converging at a grid size of 2.5 km shows an intensity 1.2 times that expected under ionization equilibrium attributable to shock interactions with the TR.
By relating low-level errors introduced by reduction and abstraction to the resulting high-level error on the interconnected system we are able to translate high-level accuracy requirements (on the reduced interconnected system) to low-level specifications (on abstraction and reduction errors) using techniques from robust demonstrate analysis.
[2025-01-20] Programmers spend a significant amount of time reading script during the software development process.
resembles like a PS2 cinematic NGL
As racial and gender equity programs come under challenge many companies have scaled back. But Costco Microsoft and others have forged ahead.
The long structures seen in manta rays and their relatives signaling system as an early warning system rather than a defensive weapon.
In a new series the icon star discusses the mechanics of modern fame including her instructions to fans of what to wear to her concerts.
Automakers and even some Republicans may fight to preserve funds and environmental activists will likely sue but some experts said that some amendments may not survive legal challenges.
ahaha this is perfect. first 5 minutes and Im in the right place. all the top notes sum this episode up perfectly. and i like that bit about true personalities shining through on screen and being the same in real life. a lot of the audience will see right through
Traditional methods of air merit monitoring such as ground-based sensors and satellite-based remote sensing face limitations due to high deployment costs sparse sensor coverage and environmental interferences.
Donald J. Trump was sworn in on Monday as the 47th president of the United States. What does this transition in governance mean to you?
The advisory came one day after the administration ordered that diversity equity and inclusion efforts across the government be shut down by 5 p.m. Wednesday.
[2025-01-20] In this paper we derive an expression for the expected number of runs in a trace of a binary sequence obtained by passing through a deletion transmission that independently deletes each bit with probability.
The guy in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable dude rooting for him to get his 6 this span!
Lol this dimwit likes to think that hes it. Hes an idiot.
We wanted the Astartes dude to make a series AND WERE GETTING A SERIES!!!
A mass of vapor called the polar vortex has escaped the Arctic and plunged southward. Some scientists see the fingerprints of climate change.
[2025-01-20] Formulating quantitative and predictive schematics for tissue development requires consideration of the complex stochastic gene expression dynamics its regulation via cell-to-cell interactions and cell proliferation.
If you ever make a Warhammer 40k movie the creator behind the Astartes series NEEDS to be involved...
appears like riveting content. Looser.
I dont know that Ive ever seen Katt genuinely cackle at other peoples jokes as much as Ive seen him laugh and be caught off guard by Theo
More is coming but many directives will take interval to be implemented or will face political legal or practical obstacles.
This scheme keeps the annealed weight from the CFG method and can be seamlessly adapted to various GAN models no matter their structural decline or regularization differences.
Additionally the results indicate that using RIS significantly enhances PLA performance in distance - range of accuracy and robustness especially at longer distances compared to traditional BTTN scenarios without RIS.
100% the real genuine know
The National Treasury Employees Union argues a move to “radically reshape the civil service” by making it easier to fire federal staff violates the will of Congress.
The use of these particular discretization approaches is based on anecdotal reports of their approximation performance but there is little rigorous review of these methods approximation errors.
Edge states in NTs spin-degeneracy lifting induced by vacancies and dopants and strain-tunable attractivity are also discussed.
Popular and relevant industrial datasets are also summarized providing further awareness into inspection applications.
However while W-CRC provides statistical reliability its efficiency -- measured by the size of the prediction sets -- can only be assessed at verification time.
Concretely we completely describe generalized co-Hopfian p-groups for some prime p obtaining that such a group is either divisible or it splits into a direct total of a special bounded group and a special co-Hopfian group.
By studying the internal distribution of individual elements within sub-strings of the supersequence called segments the proof provides important results on the internal structure that could help to understand the general lower bound configuration for finite sets.
Coming from a single mother household my sister and i grew up with "V familie". The Winslows Phillip Banks The Tanners the sitcom families goes on....
The man in the WhyNot camaro seems like a real likeable dude rooting for him to get his 6 this week!
[2025-01-20] Many keypoint detection and description methods have been proposed for image matching or pairing.
When the -sparse graphs where no such rim exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one partition has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Has katt ever addressed the literacy rate / level among scholars these days?
Not them glorifying the pla es that dropped bombs on Vietnam... concerning these topics americans really make me sick to my gut.
[2025-01-20] The metamorphosis of cognition is frequently discussed as the evolution of cognitive abilities or the evolution of some neuronal structures in the brain.
More than 30 hostages are set to be released during the cease-fire in Gaza. But many Israelis have mixed feelings about the deal because they feel it came at a high cost.
This may hinder the instance performance on downstream tasks when adopting SFT on small-scale annotated SAR data.
The lawsuit to block the commander-in-chief’s executive order is the first salvo in what is likely to be a long-running legal fight over immigration policy.
The corporation backed by high-flying Silicon Valley investors like Andreessen Horowitz had promised it would reinvent the rent-to-own model and make it more consumer friendly. High interest rates and mortgage rates thwarted those plans.
had to catch this one. podcasting is hard to navigate because of all the rubbish. these two opposite comedy icons are perfect. they should do this everyday
Corrections that appeared in publication on Thursday Jan. 23 2025.
The veteran English actress said that she now needed to attend public gatherings with someone else because of her worsening macular degeneration.
These new monsters maps just aint it keep going back to oldyz like revelations & BO2 maps..
In this work we forecast the capabilities of LISA to constrain the source of SIGWs using different approaches: i) agnostic where the spectrum of curvature perturbations is binned in frequency space; ii) template-based modeling the curvature power spectrum based on motivated classes of models; iii) ab initio starting from first-principles model of economic growth featuring an ultra-slow roll phase.
Ukrainian troops described a different kind of enemy fighting with unfamiliar tactics and little option to retreat.
In a sweeping order President Trump halted federal approvals for new wind estates in a move that could affect projects on land and in the ocean.
[2025-01-20] Integrating Internet of Things (IoT) devices in healthtenderness has revolutionized patient care offering improved monitoring diagnostics and treatment.
And you probably will too after trying brown butter bucatini with charred bok choy cabbage Parm and yamitsuki (Japanese “addictive” cabbage).
Republicans will be able to win support of President Trump’s top picks if they remain united but they are frustrated by Democratic tactics.
While dismissing cases judges who have overseen the prosecutions made clear that the orders did nothing to change the reality of the barrage on the Capitol.
First instance being able to say I was there for recording.
Other apps from the business behind TikTok including CapCut and Lemon8 went dark this weekend before flickering back. The federal law banning TikTok also applies to them.
W Theo for this amalgamation love from New Zealand
Its still worth the watch but its like going into a film already knowing the ending...
We present constructions of new p.d. kernels in two ways: (i) as limits of monotone families in and (manners) as p.d. kernels which model fractal limits i.e. are invariant with respect to certain iterated function systems (IFS)-transformations.
Here we present a study on the impact of the returning radiation on the assessment of the parameters of Galactic black holes.
While the wages of success in the region will be enormous the consequences of flop will be utterly hellish.
Developer Experience (DEx) is central to this effort focusing on the usability accomplishment and overall satisfaction of tools and frameworks from the engineers perspective.
No its alot more than that. He would do this to any female. Its him
My husband would never let me sit in silence at a dinner feeling guilty because the place I picked wasn’t up to par. He’d laugh and make a joke of it and comfort me and make sure I knew everything was okay. At the end of the day it’s just dinner and not that serious. No manner he’d let me feel like I disappointed him. No way he’d let me sit through an entire dinner feeling shame over a restaurant pick. Whether he understood my feelings or not. I am such a people pleaser and over thinker so I totally get why she felt upset and pressure and people like us need someone who doesn’t make you feel bad for being who you are and okay with reassuring you in those moments. I’m so sorry that Rachael probably felt that kind of pressure to please him the entire relationship.
The chiral reflection suppression of the $ K /K^*(700) ^+ K $ source radius might be surprisingly smaller than for other hadronic processes when using the standard and simple Lednicky-Lyuboshits factorization approximation.
The show with music by Marvin Laird portrayed a schoolgirl’s murderous theatrical ambition. Paley also performed in the travesty dance group Les Ballets Trockadero.
This is the last chance there is to do things on planet. The earth is going to pass away. That’s not worldly that’s letting yourself experience what God created just for you.
​@ggallenfdg 2 first names? Idk man. I dont think its that hard to figure out.
Extensive experimental results are also presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over their counterparts in terms of both communication efficiency and implementation performance.
While topological insulators and superconductors can be investigated by means of topological band theory -- in particular the topological quantum chemistry (TQC) formalism -- the Kitaev model evades such a approach as it is not possible to set up a proper single-particle Greens function for it.
Some analysts increasingly believe the president sees levies as more than a negotiating ploy. To him they’re a potential wellspring of revenue.
Taken together this work provides a computability-theoretic remedy to Diaconis and Freedmans problem of ``know[ing] for which [parameters] the rule [Bayes rule] is consistent and it strengthens recent similar results of Takahashi on Martin-L\"f randomness in Cantor space.
The plan which rezones parts of the Manhattan neighborhood aims to address the city’s shelter shortage and the area’s beleaguered commercial sector.
Can’t wait for her to realize she was always the most interesting thing about him. We were literally only following him to see her!!! We’ll keep following her regardless of whatever fellow is by her side
Yo guys on my first playthrough I initiated an ee that involved the bones corpse in Nowehere. I picked up his skull or placed it and then there was a statue outside the map I shot that turned then disappeared with a sound que. Has anyone found this yet? If so what does it relate to? I cannot replicate it on my second play-through and have no idea what I did to initiate it.
The bound incorporates material characteristics and geometric factors including the cross-sections Poincar\e-Wirtinger and Korn constants.
President Trump’s wave of executive orders yesterday sent an undeniable signal to the world about the United States’ role in fighting environment change.
I hope Theo asks out the airport child. He seems lonely. He needs a lady to have his babys and go to Disney world together and stuff
In a sweeping order President Trump halted federal approvals for new wind farms in a gesture that could affect projects on land and in the ocean.
We address the problem of minimizing duration slots needed for WTSN transmissions while ensuring reliability subject to interference constraints -- an NP-hard task.
[2025-01-20] It is proved the optimal conditioning for the infinity norm of collocation matrices of the tensor product of normalized B-bases among the tensor product of all normalized totally positive bases of the corresponding arena of functions.
The president’s edicts orders show us where things are headed.
For a finite number of discrete-time samples of baseband in-phase and quadrature (I/Q) white Gaussian noise (WGN) that are independent and identically distributed with zero mean we derive a closed-form exact formula for mean PAPR that is well-approximated by the natural logarithm of the number of samples plus Eulers constant.
[2025-01-20] Flow-matching models provide a powerful foundation for various applications offering efficient sampling and flexible probability path modeling.
Furthermore we discuss critical problems and emerging research directions including computational efficiency model interpretability robustness enhancement edge-cloud collaboration and integration with large language models.
President Trump’s public rhetoric has focused on undocumented immigrants but the batch of new orders he signed would also affect those seeking to enter the U.S. legally.
@MaticTheProto honestly their first sensible business decision in like 30 to 40 years. Valve one of the most succesful firms in the video game space hired so many fans who did fan work like mods and animations. If you see talent and someone with a passion for making awesome stuff using your IP... why the hell wouldnt you hire them lmao
When the -sparse graphs where no such edge exists is the set of bipartite graphs where one grouping has vertices with degree exactly and the other partition has vertices with degree exactly.
Fasten your seatbelts solvers — it’s going to be a bumpy ride.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the difference between noticing gals’s attractiveness and ogling them.
For that matter the complex scaled two-body structure elements must firstly be determined and the resulting many-body Hamiltonian complex symmetric matrix must be diagonalized afterwards.
…..um where is the OTHER rods? Did they only give us 1?!
